DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC.,
A FLORIDA CORPORATION NOT FOR PROFIT
WRITTEN ACTION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. (the "Association"), a Florida corporation not for profit, by unanimous written action adopts the following resolution:  

BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of Directors approves the removal of committee members with this written action as stated below on this 1st day of February 2023.  
A. Removal Based on Absenteeism

Active participation by members of committees is essential to the effectiveness of the committee operations. While the Board understands that personal or professional obligations may occasionally take precedence, members who cannot regularly participate should resign to allow the Board to fill the vacancy.  

To maintain a standard of commitment, members shall be subject to removal under the following circumstances:  

Automatic Removal: Any member with two (2) consecutive unexcused absences or four (4) unexcused absences out of the last six (6) meetings shall be automatically removed.  

    Excused Absences include:

        Illness of the member or a person for whom they are a caregiver.  

        Death of a relative.  

        Observance of religious holidays.  

        Compliance with a subpoena or legal process.  

        Events reasonably beyond the member's control.  

        Other events considered by the Board of Directors.  

    Ineligibility: Members removed for absenteeism are ineligible for reappointment to a committee for two (2) years following their removal.  

B. Removal for Reasons Other Than Absenteeism

    At Pleasure Service: All committee members serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.  

    Removal Without Cause: Members may be removed without cause by a majority vote of the Board, unless otherwise restricted by Governing Documents or Florida Statutes.  

SIGNATURES

DONE by unanimous consent of the Board of Directors this 1st day of February 2023.  

    Brady Lefere   

    Ray Aponte (Signed Feb 2, 2023)   

    Rich Paolini (Signed Feb 2, 2023)