Del Webb Bexley Community Association Inc.
Golf Cart Policy
	(Revised May 15th 2025)


The Board of Directors of the Del Webb Community Association Inc. pursuant to its rulemaking authority under Section 6.1.1.2 of the Association’s Bylaws, hereby adopts this Golf Cart Policy, to be effective on ________________. This Policy shall be part of the Association’s Rules and Regulations. 

POLICY STATEMENT
To allow the use of golf carts within Del Webb Bexley while attempting to promote safety within the community, the following policy pertains to all owners/lessee(s) and guests who operate golf carts within the Association’s community. While the Association does not advocate or endorse the operation of golf carts on its streets, it will, however, permit the use of golf carts on the private streets owned by the Association in accordance with this Policy. Compliance with this policy does not guarantee compliance with local, state, or federal law and Owners should investigate all other applicable laws or regulations. 

To assist in providing safety for everyone in the community the following registration requirements and rules are being established.  Everyone operating a golf cart must be observant of, and adhere to speed limits, parking signage, street and stop signs, approaching and adhering to road intersection rules, yielding to pedestrians, cyclists and vehicles upon entering or approaching intersections or pedestrian crosswalks as well as responsible for operating this vehicle in the designated golf cart lanes.  The registered owner(s)/lessee(s) is/are responsible for the safety of themselves and others including their passengers, other motorists, bicyclists, and pedestrians. Everyone who operates or rides in golf carts on the streets within Del Webb of Bexley does so at their own risk. The neighborhood assumes no liability for permitting golf carts to be operated on the streets of Del Webb Bexley.

REGISTRATION
1.	A registration form and a release of liability and indemnification agreement (the “Registration Form”) must be completed by each owner(s)/lessee(s) who intends to use a golf cart on the private streets within the Association’s community. Only owner(s)/lessee(s) of record of property within the Association’s community shall be entitled to register golf carts in accordance with this Policy. The applying owner(s)/lessee(s) shall become the “Registered Owner(s).”
2.	Upon receipt of the completed Registration Form and compliance with the requirements of this Policy, each registered cart will be issued one reflective numbered sticker which must be permanently affixed to thebottom passenger side of the windshield of the cart. This sticker must be displayed at all times. 
3.	The Registered Owner(s) must pay a one-time $5 Registration Fee to cover sticker costs, and any ongoing registration and administrative costs. Any additional future administrative costs encountered and determined by the Association’s Board to be relative to authorized golf cart operation will the responsibility equally by all registered golf cart owners. 
4.	Registration and inspection will be monitored and/or managed by the Association on dates, times and locations to be determined by the Board.  All registrations and inspections shall be coordinated and scheduled through the Association’s Property Manager (CAM).
5.	The Registered Owner(s) shall be responsible for all loss, damage, injury, claims, or other liability resulting from the use of the golf cart within the Association’s community, regardless of who may be operating the golf cart at the time that damage, loss or injury occurs.
6.	The golf cart registration forms will be maintained by the Association’s Property Manager (CAM).

RULES

     1. Existing golf carts must be registered within 30 days of the date of this Policy.   All other golf carts must 
be registered within 30 days of obtaining the cart. 

2.Liability insurance with policy number and effective date is required.  It must be provided at the time of registration.
3.Golf Carts must be in sound, safe working condition.
4. Drivers who are under 18 years of age must possess a valid driver's license or driver’s learner’s license.  Drivers who are 18 years of age or older must possess a valid form of government-issued photographic identification. 
5. Golf carts will adhere to the same driving and parking rules and laws on Association roads as automobiles. 
6. Parking on sidewalks or grassy areas is prohibited, unless an exception is specifically granted by the Board or their designated representative.
7.Driving on sidewalks is prohibited. Driving on multi-purpose pathways (wide sidewalks) is permitted. Golf carts must yield to the right of way to pedestrians.
8. Golf carts must be equipped with efficient brakes, reliable steering apparatus, safe tires, a rearview mirror, and red reflectorized warning devices in both the front and rear.
9. Golf carts may only be driven between sunrise and sunset unless equipped with headlights, brake lights, turn signals, horn and a windshield. 

10. Drivers must pull over and yield to passing vehicles.  

11. All passengers must be properly seated while cart is in motion and may not be transported in a negligent manner(animals/pets, children are not permitted to be seated on the drivers lap while the golf cart is in operation, children and persons are not allowed to stand on any part of the golf cart while in operation), cell phones are not to be used during operation to avoid distractions, or in a manner inconsistent with the cart manufacturer’s recommendations. The number of passengers shall not exceed the seating capacity of the cart, including the driver. 

12.	At no time shall an owner or driver of a golf cart pull a skater, skateboarder, or any other type of device.
13.	Storage of a golf cart must be incompliance with our Governing Documents.

ENFORCEMENT

1.Any violation of this Policy must be reported to the Association’s Property Manager (CAM). Any resident may report a violation to the Property Manager (CAM). in writing. The complaint should have as much identifying information as is possible, including, but not limited to the identity of the party violating the Policy, the cart registration number, the date, time, and approximate location and a detailed description of the alleged violation. 
2.Any act constituting a violation of this policy will be addressed in accordance with the Associations Compliance and Fining Policy. 
3. Any threat to safety may result in immediate legal action. 
