NSTR# 2025186952 OR BK 11290 PG 2784 Page 1 of 3
10/01/2025 08:54 AM Rcpt: 2881958 Rec: 27.00 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00
Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller

Prepared by and when recorded return to:
Jonathan J. Ellis, Esq.
Becker & Poliakoff, P.A.
1511 N. Westshore Blvd., Suite 1000
Tampa, Florida 33607
Phone: (813) 954-8453

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY

This Certificate of Amendment to the Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley Community Association, Inc. (the "Association").

WHEREAS, the Association is subject to the Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley, as recorded in Official Records Book 9774, Page 2623, et seq., of the public records of Pasco County, Florida, as amended from time to time (the "Declaration");

WHEREAS, Section 4.4 of the Declaration provides that a proposed amendment shall be adopted by approval of: (a) a majority of all of the Board of Directors; and (b) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests present at a duly called meeting of the members entitled to vote at which there was a quorum;

WHEREAS, at a duly noticed meeting of the Board of Directors, held in the manner required by the Association's Governing Documents, the Board of Directors voted to approve the Amendments to the Declaration attached to this Certificate as EXHIBIT A; and

WHEREAS, at a duly noticed meeting of the Members of the Association, held in the manner required by the Association's Governing Documents, the requisite number of Members voted to approve the Amendments to the Declaration attached to this Certificate as EXHIBIT A;

NOW, THEREFORE, the Association hereby declares and certifies as follows:

    The foregoing recitals are true and correct.

    All initially capitalized terms not defined herein or in the Amendments shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration or Bylaws.

    With respect to the Amendments, text to be deleted is indicated by strikethrough (~~strikethrough~~) and text to be added is indicated by an underline (underline).

    Ellipses (...) indicate that the language omitted by the ellipsis shall remain unchanged.

    In the event that there is a conflict between the Amendments and the previously existing Bylaws, the Amendments shall control.

    All provisions of the Declaration, Bylaws and Articles are hereby ratified and shall be of full force and affect, except as specifically modified and amended by the Amendments.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set its hand and seal.

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC.
By: Edward Hughes, President
By: Mabel Edmonds, Secretary

Witnesses: Tony Gambino, Colleen Cunniffe.
Acknowledged before: Tasha McAlister, Notary Public, on September 15, 2025.

EXHIBIT "A"

Amendments to the Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley

12.24.2
B. No Home may be leased by an Owner unless and until at least one current Owner has owned the Home for a period of at least eighteen (18) months (the "Non-Lease Period"). This subsection ~~B~~ shall not apply to any Owner who ~~holds~~ held title to a Home as of ~~July 3, 2024~~ on the date of the recording of this amendment, any Owner of a Vacation Getaway Home, as that term is defined, or DEL WEBB BEXLEY, regardless of when DEL WEBB BEXLEY obtains title to any Home. Further, the provisions set forth in this section shall not apply to an Owner who obtains title to a Home from a person or entity that was exempt from the Non-Lease Period (e.g., an Owner who obtains title from an Owner who held title as of the date of the recording of this amendment), provided that the new Owner is a member of the prior Owner's immediate family (as defined in the Declaration) or is a trust or other entity established for the benefit of the prior Owner or the prior Owner's immediate family.