Gate, Barrier Arm and Kiosk
 Strike Policy and Procedure

This policy and procedure shall be followed upon notification to our property manager or Board of Directors of a gate, barrier arm and/or kiosk strike.
1.	Barrier arm and kiosk strike
a. Envera will send an email notification advising of a strike which will have a ticket number.  Contact Envera to request emergency service.  Provide the ticket number.
b. Envera will automatically send the strike video to a predetermined list. If, however, Envera fails to send the strike video, Property Manager will send an email request of the video to videorequest@enverasystems.com.

2.	Gate strike
a.	Contact Rosco Gate Service to request emergency service.
b.	Same procedure as b above.

3.	The property manager will review the video to determine ownership of the vehicle that struck a gate, barrier arm or kiosk.  Once the owner of the vehicle has been identified, the Property Manager is to send via Certified Mail a demand letter to the owner asking for reimbursement of damages (emergency call fee plus any parts and labor).  Form letters for this purpose have been drafted by the Association’s attorney.
a.	If the owner of the vehicle is a resident, property management will contact the owner.
b.	If the owner is a car or truck rental company, contact that company and ask for the name, address and phone number of the person or company that rented the vehicle on that day.  Property management will then contact the rented vehicle driver.
c.	If the owner of the vehicle is a vendor or delivery service, property management will contact that company.

4.	If upon examination, it appears that the gate, barrier arm and/or kiosk strike was intentional, the property manager should consult with the Board of Directors as to whether a report should be filed with Pasco County Sheriff’s office.
5.	If no response is received within 30 days from the deadline for payment as expressed in the demand letter, described in number 2, the property manager will consult with the Board of Directors to determine if the matter should be referred to the Association’s attorney for collection.  The owner/driver of the vehicle will be responsible for all legal fees.
6.	Without the express written permission of the Board of Directors, the strike video shall not be shared.  
