INSTR# 2024118667 OR BK 11041 PG 1530 Page 1 of 5
07/03/2024 12:59 PM Rcpt: 2719890 Rec: 44.00 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00
Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller

Prepared by and when recorded return to:
Jonathan J. Ellis, Esq.
SHUMAKER
Shumaker, Loop & Kendrick, LLP
101 East Kennedy Boulevard, Suite 2800
Tampa, Florida 33602
Phone: (813) 229-7600

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC.

This Certificate of Amendment to the Bylaws of Del Webb Bexley Community Association, Inc. (the "Association").

WHEREAS, the Association is subject to the Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley, as recorded in Official Records Book 9774, Page 2623, et seq., of the public records of Pasco County, Florida, as amended from time to time (the "Declaration");

WHEREAS, the Association is also subject to the Bylaws of Del Webb Bexley Community Association, Inc., as recorded in Official Records Book 9774, Page 2734, et seq., of the public records of Pasco County, Florida, as amended from time to time (the "Bylaws");

WHEREAS, Section 12.3 of the Bylaws provides that a proposed amendment shall be adopted by approval of: (a) a majority of all of the Board of Directors; and (b) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests present at a duly called meeting of the members entitled to vote at which there was a quorum;

WHEREAS, at a duly noticed meeting of the Board of Directors, held in the manner required by the Association's Governing Documents, the Board of Directors voted to approve the Amendments to the Bylaws attached to this Certificate as EXHIBIT A; and

WHEREAS, at a duly noticed meeting of the Members of the Association, held in the manner required by the Association's Governing Documents, the requisite number of Members voted to approve the Amendments to the Bylaws attached to this Certificate as EXHIBIT A;

NOW, THEREFORE, the Association hereby declares and certifies as follows:

    The foregoing recitals are true and correct.

    All initially capitalized terms not defined herein or in the Amendments shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration or Bylaws.

    With respect to the Amendments, text to be deleted is indicated by strikethrough (~~strikethrough~~) and text to be added is indicated by an underline (underline).

    Ellipses (...) indicate that the language omitted by the ellipsis shall remain unchanged.

    In the event that there is a conflict between the Amendments and the previously existing Bylaws, the Amendments shall control.

    All provisions of the Declaration, Bylaws and Articles are hereby ratified and shall be of full force and affect, except as specifically modified and amended by the Amendments.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set its hand and seal.
EXHIBIT "A"

Amendments to the Bylaws of Del Webb Bexley Community Association, Inc.

4.7 Election. Election to the Board shall be by ~~written~~ ballot, ~~either~~ in person or by proxy, at a duly noticed meeting or by electronic voting. ~~each Voting Member shall be entitled to cast a vote for each vacancy to be filled. There shall be no cumulative voting.~~ All Board elections shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by eligible voters. The Board elections shall be conducted as follows:

4.7.1 The Association shall mail, deliver, or electronically transmit to each member entitled to a vote, a first notice of the date of the election at least sixty (60) days before the scheduled election.

4.7.2 Any member or other eligible person desiring to be a candidate for the Board must give written notice of his or her intent to be a candidate to the Association at least forty (40) days before a scheduled election.

4.7.3 Together with the written notice and agenda as set forth in Section 4.5 of the Bylaws, the Association shall mail, deliver, or electronically transmit a second notice of the election to all members entitled to vote, together with a ballot that lists all candidates not less than fourteen (14) days or more than thirty-four (34) days before the date of the election.

4.7.4 Upon request of a candidate, an information sheet, no larger than 8 1/2 inches by 11 inches, which must be furnished by the candidate at least thirty-five (35) days before the election, must be included with the mailing, delivery, or electronic transmission of the ballot, with any costs of copying and mailing, delivery, or electronic transmission to be borne by the Association.

4.7.5 For election by mail, the Association shall provide to the members a second notice of the election, a ballot, an inner envelope and an outer envelope.

4.7.6 The ballot shall be placed in an inner envelope, which shall then be placed in an outer envelope. The exterior of the outer envelope shall indicate the name of the voter, and the property identification for which the vote is being cast, and shall contain a signature space for the voter.

4.7.7 Once the exterior of the outer envelope is verified, the inner envelope shall be removed and placed in a receptacle for the purpose of counting.

4.7.8 During the election, the ballots shall be removed from the inner envelopes and counted in the presence of any owners in attendance. Any inner envelope containing more than one ballot shall be marked "Disregarded" and shall not be counted.

4.8 Electronic Voting. The Board of Directors may adopt a resolution providing Owners with the opportunity to vote through an online or electronic voting system.
