State of Florida
Department of State 

I certify the attached is a true and correct copy of the Amended and 
Restated Articles of Incorporation,filed on August 8,2018,for DEL WEBB
BEXLEY COWMUNITY ASSOCIATION,INC., a Florida corporation,as shown by the records of this office.

I further certify the document was electronically received under FAX audit 
number H18000231277. This certificate is issued in accordance with section 15.16, Florida Statutes, and authenticated by the code noted below. 

The document number of this corporation is N17000009665.

Authentication Code:518A00016442-080918-N17000009665-1/1 

Given under my hand and the 
Great Seal of the State of Florida,
at Tallahassee,the Capital,this the 
Ninth day of August,2018 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION,INC.
(A FLORIDA CORPORATION N0T FOR PROFIT) 

The Articles of Incorporation of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION
INC,a Florida not for profit corporation (the "Association"),were filed on September 26,2017,
and assigned Charter No.NI 7000009665.

The Association's Articles of Incorporation shall be amended and restated in accordance
with the Association's Articles of Incorporation and the provisions of Sections 617.1002 and 
617.1007 of the Florida Not For Profit Corporation Act. There are no members entitled to vote on
the amendment. The amended and restated articles were adopted by the board of directors. 
Accordingly,the Articles of Incorporation are amended and restated in their entirety to read as 
follows:

1. Name of Corporation. The name of the corporation is DEL WEBB BEXLEY
COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION,INC.,a Florida corporation not-for-profit (the "Association ) 

2. Principal Office. The principal office of the Association is 2662 S. Falkenburg Road, Riverview,FL 33578. 

3. Registered Office - Registered Agent. The Association hereby appoints the Registered
Agent to accept service of process within the State of Florida and to maintain all records relating 
to permitting actions by the Southwest Florida Water Management District ("SWFWMD"). The 
street address of the Registered Office of Association is 215 North Eola Drive, Orlando,FL 32801. 
The name of the Registered Agent of the Association is:

JAMES G.KATTELMANN 

4. Definitions. The COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (the 

"Declaration") will be recorded in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida,and shall govern 
all of the operations of a community to be known as DEL WEBB BEXLEY. All initially 
capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Declaration.

5. Purpose of the Association. The Association is formed to:(a) provide for ownership, 
operation,maintenance and preservation of the Common Areas,and improvements thereon;(b) 
perform the duties delegated to it in the Declaration,Bylaws and these Articles;and (c) administer 
the interests of the Association and the Owners. 

6. Not for Profit. Association is a not for profit Florida corporation and does not contemplate 
pecuniary gain to,or profit for,its members.

7. Powers of the Association. The Association shall,subject to the limitations and 
reservations set forth in the Declaration, have all the powers,privileges and duties reasonably 
necessary to discharge its obligations,including,but not limited to,the following:

7.1 To perform all the duties and obligations of the Association set forth in the 
Governing Documents,including,without limitation,the Declaration and Bylaws,as herein 
provided;

7.2 To enforce,by legal action or otherwise,the provisions of the Declaration and 
Bylaws and of all rules,regulations,covenants,restrictions and agreements governing or binding 
the Association and DEL WEBB BEXLEY;

7.3 To fix,levy,collect and enforce payment,by any lawful means,of all Assessments 
pursuant to the terms of the Declaration,these Articles and Bylaws.The Assessments levied by 
the Association shall be used for,among other things,the purpose of operating and maintaining 
DEL WEBB BEXLEY,and in particular,without limitation,for the improvement,repair and 
maintenance of the Common Areas,including without limitation the Surface Water Management 
System as well as any mitigation or preservation areas,including but not limited to work within 
retention areas,drainage structures and drainage easements,but only to the extent such 
responsibilities are not expressly dedicated to and discharged by the CDD;

7.4 To pay all Operating Expenses,including,but not limited to,all licenses,taxes or 
governmental charges levied or imposed against the property of the Association;

7.5 To acquire (by gift,purchase or otherwise),annex,own,hold,improve,build upon,
operate,maintain,convey,grant rights and easements,sell,dedicate,lease,transfer or otherwise 
dispose of real or personal property (including the Common Areas) in connection with the 
functions of the Association except as limited by the Declaration;

7.6 To borrow money,and (i) if prior to the Turnover Date,upon (a) the approval of a 
majority of the Board;and (b) the consent of Declarant,or (ii) from and after the Turnover Date,
approval of (a) a majority of the Board;and (b) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 
present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of the members,mortgage,pledge,deed 
in trust,or hypothecate any or all of its real or personal property as security for money borrowed 
or debts incurred,including without limitation,the right to collateralize any such indebtedness 
with the Association's Assessment collection rights;

7.7 To dedicate,grant,license,lease,concession,create easements upon,sell or transfer 
all or any part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY to any public agency,entity, authority, utility or other 
person or entity for such purposes and subject to such conditions as it determines and as provided 
in the Declaration;

7.8 To participate in mergers and consolidations with other non-profit corporations 
organized for the same purposes;

7.9 To adopt,publish,promulgate or enforce rules,regulations,covenants,restrictions 
or agreements governing the Association,DEL WEBB BEXLEY,the Common Areas,Lots,
Parcels and Homes as provided in the Declaration and to effectuate all of the purposes for which 
Association is organized;

7.10 To have and exercise any and all powers,rights,and privileges which a corporation 
organized under Chapter 617 or Chapter 720,Florida Statutes by law may now or hereafter have 
or exercise,including,without limitation,the right to sue and be sued and appear and defend in all 
actions and proceedings in its corporate name to the same extent as a natural person;

7.11 To employ personnel and retain independent contractors to contract for 
management of the Association,DEL WEBB BEXLEY,and the Common Areas as provided in the 
Declaration and to delegate in such contract all or any part of the powers and duties of the 
Association;

7.12 To contract for services to be provided to,or for the benefit of,the Association,
Owners,the Common Areas,and DEL WEBB BEXLEY as provided in the Declaration,such as,
but not limited to,telecommunications services,maintenance,garbage pick-up,and utility 
services;

7.13 To establish committees and delegate certain of its functions to those committees;

7.14 To require all the Owners to be members of the Association;

7.15 In the event,and only in the event,same is not expressly dedicated to and 
discharged by the CDD,the Association shall operate, maintain and manage the Surface Water 
Management System(s) in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Permit and applicable 
SWFWMD rules,and shall assist in the enforcement of the restrictions and covenants contained 
therein;and 

7.16 To take any other action necessary in furtherance of the purposes for which the 
Association is organized.

8. Voting Rights.Owners and Declarant shall have the voting rights set forth in the 
Declaration.

9. Board of Directors. The affairs of the Association shall be managed by a Board of odd 
number with not less than three (3) or more than five (5) members.  The initial number of Directors 
shall be three (3).Board members shall be appointed and/or elected as stated in the Bylaws. After 
the Turnover Date,the election of Directors shall be held at the annual meeting.  The names and 
addresses of the members of the first Board who shall hold office until their successors are 
appointed or elected,or until removed,are as follows:are as follows:

NAME						ADDRESS

Brady Lefere 				2662 S.Falkenburg Road 
							Riverview,FL 33578 
							
Michael Piendel				2662 S.Falkenburg Road 
							Riverview,FL 33578

Nicholas Becker 			2662 S.Falkenburg Road 
							Riverview,FL 33578


10. Dissolution. In the event of the dissolution of the Association other than incident to a 
merger or consolidation,any member may petition the Circuit Court having jurisdiction of the 
0Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida for the appointment of a receiver to manage its affairs of the 
dissolved Association and to manage the Common Areas,in the place and stead of the Association,
and to make such provisions as may be necessary for the continued management of the affairs of 
the dissolved Association and its properties.In the event of termination,dissolution or final 
liquidation of the Association,ownership of the portion of the S W MS,if any,owned by the 
Association and the responsibility for the operation and maintenance of the SWMS must be 
transferred to and accepted by an entity in accordance with the rules and regulations of SWF WMD 
and any such transfer and acceptance must be approved in writing by SWF WMD prior to such 
termination,dissolution or liquidation.

11. Duration.Existence of the Association shall commence with the filing of these Articles 
with the Secretary of State,Tallahassee,Florida. The Association shall exist in perpetuity.

12.Amendment.

12.1 General Restrictions on Amendments. Notwithstanding any other provision herein 
to the contrary,no amendment to these Articles shall affect the rights of Declarant,unless such 
amendment receives the prior written consent of Declarant,which may be withheld for any reason 
whatsoever.If the prior written approval of any governmental entity or agency having jurisdiction 
is required by applicable law or governmental regulation for any amendment to these Articles,then 
the prior written consent of such entity or agency must also be obtained.No amendment shall be 
effective until it is recorded in the Public Records.

12.2 Amendments prior to the Turnover. Prior to the Turnover,but subject to the general 
restrictions on amendments set forth above, Declarant shall have the right to amend these Articles 
as it deems appropriate,without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever,except 
to the extent limited by applicable law.Declarant's right to amend under this Section is to be 
construed as broadly as possible.In the event the Association shall desire to amend these Articles 
prior to the Turnover,the Association must first obtain Declarant's prior written consent to any 
proposed amendment.An amendment identical to that approved by Declarant may be adopted by 
the Association pursuant to the requirements for amendments from and after the Turnover.
Declarant shall join in such identical amendment so that its consent to the same will be reflected 
in the Public Records.

12.3 Amendments From and After the Turnover. After the Turnover, but subject to the 
general restrictions on amendments set forth above,these Articles may be amended with the 
approval of (i) a majority of the Board;and (ii) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 
present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of the members.

12.4 Compliance with HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA and SWFWMD. Prior to the 
Turnover,the Declarant shall have the right to amend these Articles,from time to time,to make 
such changes,modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested or required by 
HUD,FHA,VA,FNMA,GNMA,SWFWMD,or any other governmental agency or body as a 
condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements or agreement 
to make,purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by mortgages on 
Lots. No approval or joinder of the Association,other Owners,or any other party shall be required 
or necessary to such amendment. After the Turnover,but subject to the general restrictions on 
amendments set forth above,the Board shall have the right to amend these Articles,from time to 
time,to make such changes,modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested 
or required by HUD,FHA,VA,FNMA,GNMA,SWFWMD or any other govermnental agency 
or body as a condition to,or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements 
or agreement to make,purchase,accept,insure,guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by 
mortgages on Lots.No approval or joinder of the Owners,or any other party shall be required or 
necessary to any such amendments by the Board.

13. Limitations.

13.1 Declaration is Paramount. No amendment may be made to these Articles which 
shall in any manner reduce, amend, affect or modify the terms, conditions, provisions, rights and 
obligations set forth in the Declaration.

13.2 Rights of Declarant.There shall be no amendment to these Articles which shall 
abridge,reduce,amend,effect or modify the rights of Declarant,unless such amendment receives 
the prior written consent of Declarant,which may be withheld for any reason whatsoever.
 
13.3 Bylaws. These Articles shall not be amended in a manner that conflicts with the 
Bylaws.

14.Officers.The Board shall elect a President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer,and as 
many Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as the Board shall from time 
to time determine. The names and addresses of the Officers who shall serve until their successors 
are elected by the Board are as follows: follows: 

President: Brady Lefere 

Vice President: Michael Piendel 

Secretary: Nicholas Becker 

Treasurer: Nicholas Becker 

15. Indemnification of Officers and Directors.  Association shall and does hereby indemnify 
and hold harmless every Director and every Officer,their heirs,executors and administrators,
against all loss, cost and expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any action,suit or 
proceeding to which such Director or Officer may be made a party by reason of being or having 
been a Director or Officer of the Association,including reasonable counsel fees and 
paraprofessional fees at all levels of proceeding.This indemnification shall not apply to matters 
wherein the Director or Officer shall be finally adjudged in such action,suit or proceeding to be 
liable for or guilty of gross negligence or willful misconduct.The foregoing rights shall be in 
addition to,and not exclusive of,all other rights to which such Director or Officers may be entitled. 

16.Transactions in Which Directors or Officers are Interested. No contract or transaction 
between the Association and one (1) or more of its Directors or Officers or Declarant,or between 
Association and any other corporation,partnership,association,or other organization in which one 
(1) or more of its Officers or Directors are Officers,Directors or employees or otherwise interested 
shall be invalid,void or voidable solely for this reason,or solely because the Officer or Director 
is present at,or participates in,meetings of the Board thereof which authorized the contract or 
transaction. No Director or Officer of the Association shall incur liability by reason of the fact that 
such Director or Officer may be interested in any such contract or transaction.Interested Directors 
shall disclose the general nature of their interest and may be counted in determining the presence 
of a quorum at a meeting of the Board which authorized the contract or transaction. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,the undersigned,being the Incorporato of this Association, has 
executed these Articles of Incorporation as of this 8th day of August 2018.

James G. Kattelmann, Esq.
Lowndes,Drosdick,Doster,Kantor & Reed,P.A.
215 North Eola Drive 
Orlando,FL 32801 

ACCEPTANCE BY REGISTERED AGENT 

The undersigned,having been named to accept service of process for the above-stated 
corporation at the place designated in this certificate,hereby agrees to act in this capacity,and is 
familiar with,and accepts,the obligations of this position and further agrees to comply with the 
provisions of all statutes relative to the proper and complete performance of its duties.

Dated this 8th day of August, 2018.

LOWNDES,DROSDICK,DOSTER,KANTOR & REED,P.A.


By: James G. Kattelmann

Registered Office:

215 N01th Eola Drive 
Orlando,FL 32801 

Principal Corporate Office:

2662 S.Falkenburg Road 
Riverview,FL 33578 