
SECOND AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 
FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL 
WEBB BEXLEY (the "Second Amendment") is made as of November 16, 2018, by 
PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact 
business in the state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 
COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 
and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into that 
certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 
Records Book 9774, page 2623 as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 
Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 
Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, both in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida 
(collectively, the "'Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 Of the Declaration, prior to the 'Turnover" (as defined 
in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 
joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 
law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 
forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 
Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 Of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 
limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording Of the 
Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Second Amendment to 
amend and restate Section 12.2 of the Declaration concerning animals and pets which may be kept 
in Homes; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this Second Amendment, Declarant and the 
Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all Of the Lots and Common Area Tracts within 
DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this Second Amendment to confirm its 
approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this Second Amendment to confirm its approval 
of and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 
contained in this Second Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the 
Association and Founder join in and consent to this Second Amendment, as follows: 

1. Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 
incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall have 
the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

2. Amendment and Restatement Of Section 12.2. Section 12.2 is hereby amended 
and restated in its entirety to read as follows (additions underlined and deletions identified by 
strike-through): 

12.2 Animals. No animals of any kind shall be raised, bred or kept within DEL WEBB 
BEXLEY for commercial purposes. Except as provided below, Owners may keepupto a
maximum of three (3) domestic pets as permitted by County ordinances and otherwise in 
accordance with the Rules and Regulations established by the Board from time to time. 

Animals that are typically kept in cages or containers sholly within the Home such as
small caged birds, fish, lizards, turtles and hamsters may be maintained without regard to
the maximum number of same provided such animals are of a breed or variety and in
number commonly kept as household pets in similar buildings are not kept or bred for any
commercial purpose, and are kept in strict accordance with the Rules and Regulations 
established by the Board from time to time and in accordance with applicable law.  The
Board may promulgate additional Rules and Regulations regulating and restricting the 
maximum number and types of such pets and the manner in which same are kept in Homes.
Wild animals, exotic animals, farm animals and poisonous creatures are not allowed, 
including but not limited to any variety of pigs, skunks, tarantulas and similar animals and
snakes. Pets may be kept or harbored in a Home only so long as such pets or animals do 
not constitute a nuisance. A determination by the Board that an animal or pet kept or 
harbored in a Home is a nuisance shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. Without 
limiting the generality of the forgoing, dog breeds or partial breeds that include pit bulls or 
other breeds deemed to be dangerous by the Board in its sole discretion are prohibited. All 
pets shall be walked on a leash. NO pet shall be permitted outside a Home unless such pet 
is kept on a leash or within an enclosed portion of the yard Of a Lot. NO pet or animal shall 
be "tied out" on the exterior of the Home or in the Common Area, or left unattended in a 
yard or on a balcony, porch, or patio. NO dog runs or enclosures shall be permitted on any 
Lot. When notice of removal of any pet is given by the Board, the pet shall be removed 
within forty-eight (48) hours of the giving Of the notice. The person walking the pet or the 
Owner shall clean up all matter created by the pet. Each Owner shall be responsible for 
the activities Of its pet. 

3. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 
Shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended by 
this Second Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 
right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 
personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pagel 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Second Amendment to be executed 

as of the date and year first above written. 