FIRST AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION
FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 
(DECLARING ADDITIONAL EASEMENTS) 
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL0WEBB BEXLEY (DECLARING ADDITIONAL EASEMENTS) (the "First Amendment") 
is made as of November 7, 2018, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan 
limited liability company authorized to transact business in the State of Florida (the 
"Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 
INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP-BFXLEY, LLC, a 
Florida limited liability company ("Founder").  
WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into 
that certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 
Records Book 9774, Page 2623 of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 
"Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as 
defined in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, 
without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by 
applicable law as it exists on the original date Of recording Of the Declaration or as otherwise 
expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 
Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 Of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 
limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording Of the 
Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this First Amendment to 
(i) amend and restate multiple provisions of the Declaration to provide that terms and provisions 
Of the Declaration which applied to "Pool Enclosures" and "Pool Landscaping" in the original 
recorded version of the Declaration shall apply to "Poo/Patio Enclosures" and "Poo/Patio 
Enclosure Landscaping" as those terms are defined in amended and restated Section 10.2.2 of the 
Declaration set forth hereinbelow, (ii) amend and restate Section 10.12 of the Declaration to 
confirm that maintenance, repair and replacement of sidewalks located on a Lot or within 
Common Areas shall be the responsibility of the Association, subject to the Lot Owner's 
obligation to reimburse the Association for damages to such sidewalks caused by the negligent or 
willful acts of such Owner, their Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees, (iii) 
amend and restate Section 10.10 of the Declaration to provide that the Association or CDD, as 
applicable, shall maintain the interior of any Perimeter Walls/Fences or portions thereof located 
on any Owner's Lot and (iv) amend and restate Section 12.4.3 of the Declaration to clarify the 
vehicles which are prohibited in DEL WEBB BEXLEY; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this First Amendment for 
the purpose of adding Section 15.12 declaring and granting the Additional Perimeter Wall/Fence 
Easements (as that term is defined below) over portions of certain Lots and Common Area Tracts 
Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, all as more particularly set forth herein below; 

WHEREAS, Section 21.7 of the Declaration provides that, until the Community 
Completion Date, Declarant reserves the exclusive right to grant, in its sole discretion, 
easements, permits and/or licenses for ingress and egress, drainage, utilities, maintenance, 
Telecommunications Services and other purposes over, under, upon and across DEL WEBB 
BEXLEY so long as any said easements do not materially and adversely interfere with the 
intended use of Homes previously conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this First Amendment, Declarant and the 
Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all of the Lots and Common Area Tracts 
within DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this First Amendment to confirm its 
approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this First Amendment to confirm its approval of 
and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 
contained in this First Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the 
Association and Founder join in and consent to this First Amendment, as follows: 
Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 
incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 
Addition of Amended and Restated Sections 10.2.2. 10.2.3. 10.4. 10.10. 10.12. 
11.8.2.1. 12.4.3. 12.14. 12.21 and 12.31. Sections 10.2.2, 10.2.3, 10.4, 10.10, 10.12, 11.8.2.1, 
12.14, 12.21 and 12.31 are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows 
(additions underlined and deletions identified by strike-through): 

10.2. maintenance (including, mowing, fertilizing, watering, mulching, pruning, 
and replacing as deemed necessary by the Association in its sole discretion, and 
controlling disease and insects), of all lawns and landscaping installed on the Lots as part 
of the initial construction on the Lots, specifically excluding landscaping located within 
any fenced in or enclosed area containing a pool or screened in patio installed on the Int 
by Declarant in connection with the initial construction of a Home or by any Owner 
with ARC approval (each a "Pool/Patio Enclosure" and such landscaping "Pol/Patio 
Enclosure Landscaping"). Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping must be approved by the 
ARC and shall be irrigated and maintained by the Lot Owner at their sole cost and 
expense; 

10.2.3 No Owner or Lessee shall install any additional landscaping, including 
flowers, trees or shrubs, on any Lot after completion of initial construction on any Lot 
without obtaining ARC approval of same. Any such landscaping installed by an Owner 
(including prior Owners) on any Lot (the 'Owner Installed Landscaping"), regardless 
of whether such Owner Installed Landscaping is permitted pursuant to this Section 10.2, 
shall be the responsibility of the Owner and not the responsibility of the Association. The 
Association may, but shall not be obligated to, irrigate, fertilize, spray for insects, mulch, 
trim or prune Owner Installed Landscaping, with the additional cost of same to be an 
additional Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot. The Association may also 
elect to discontinue irrigation and maintenance of Owner Installed Landscaping at any 
time in its sole discretion. In no event shall the Association be responsible to maintain 
Pool/Pati0 Enclosure Landscaping. Any (i) Owner Installed Landscaping installed or 
maintained on any Lot and (ii) any Association irrigation or maintenance Of any Owner 
Installed Landscaping on any Lot shall be at such Lot Owner's sole expense and risk. 
The Association shall not be responsible for damage to, or obligated to replace any, 
Owner Installed Landscaping Or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping under any 
circumstances. Nothing herein shall be deemed to authorize the installation of Owner 
Installed Landscaping, Pool/Patio Enclosures or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping on 
any Lot by any Owner without ARC approval Of same, which can be withheld in the 
ARC's sole discretion. 

10.4 Landscape Maintenance. The Association shall maintain all landscaping 
within any "'Landscape Easement" "Landscape/Wall Tract" Or Other portion of any Lot or 
Tract (a) dedicated to the Association for landscape purposes ("Landscape Tract") or (b) 
subject to a landscaping easement in favor of the Association (a "Landscape Easement") 
as designated on the Plat or by separate recorded easement. The Association may also 
irrigate and maintain landscaping within any CDD Tract and maintain, repair and replace 
any portion of the Perimeter Wall/Fence within any CDD Tract pursuant to a separate 
maintenance agreement with the CDD, and all cost of same shall be an Operating 
Expense. No Owner or Lessee shall install, remove, maintain, modify, disturb or alter 
any landscaping installed within any Landscape Easement. Except as otherwise provided 
in this Declaration, the Association shall have no responsibility for the maintenance of 
landscaped areas within any Lot, including without limitation, any Owner Installed 
Landscaping or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping. Except as provided in this 
Declaration or to the extent expressly assumed by the Association or CDD, the record 
title owner of each such Lot shall be responsible for the repair, replacement and 
 maintenance of the irrigation and all landscaped areas and other improvements within any 
portion Of the Lot, including, without limitation, maintenance Of the elevation, grade and 
slope of the Lot, maintenance of the portion of the SWMS located on the and 
repairing any damage to sidewalks, utilities or the SWMS resulting from any trees or 
landscaping on the Lot. 

10.10 Perimeter Walls and Fences. The Declarant or CDD may install <strike>perimeter</strike> 
walls or fences, including a retaining wall, <strike>within</strike> along or adjacent to perimeter of 
any Lot. Common Area or CDD Tract (the "Perimeter Walls/Fences") within DEL 
WEBB BEXLEY including within any fence or wall easement
<strike>including any Lot, Common Ara or any CDD Tract)</strike> as set forth on the Plat or created pursuant to this 
Declaration or by separate easement instrument or maintenance agreement with respect to 
same (the "Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement). To the extent any Perimeter Wall/Fence 
is installed on or within five (5) feet of any Lot, a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement is 
herebv created over any portion of any Lot that contains such Perimeter Wall/Fence or is 
within five (5) feet or such Perimeter Wall/Fence. The Association or CDD, as 
applicable, at all times shall have the right to maintain, repair, replace any Perimeter 
Walls/Fences within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including Perimeter Walls/Fences located 
On Lots, Common Areas or on any CDD Tract;<strike>however, each Owner shall maintain the
interior of any Perimeter Walls/Fences or portion thereof located on such Owner's Lot.</strike> 
To the extent permitted as part of a Pool/Patio Enclosure, Owners may install walls or 
fences on their Lot which abut perpendicularly (or at such other angle consistent with the 
angle of intersection of the lot lines of such Owner's Lot with the Perimeter Wall/Fence) 
against any Perimeter Walls/Fences, but no such wall or fence or any other improvements 
installed by any Owner may be affixed or attached to any Perimeter Walls/Fences or 
otherwise located within a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement. In addition, no Owner may 
install or permit to grow any trees, shrubs or landscaping Other than sod within any 
Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement or within five (5) feet of any Perimeter Walls/Fences. 
The Association, or CDD, as applicable, may perform (and is hereby granted an easement 
Of ingress and egress and temporary construction over all Lots as reasonably necessary to 
perform) any such maintenance, repairs or replacement of the Perimeter Walls/Fences at 
their discretion and the costs of any such maintenance, repairs or replacement by the 
Association shall be Operating Expenses. Failure Of the Association or CDD, as 
applicable, to undertake any such maintenance, replacement or repair of the Perimeter 
Walls/Fences shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so thereafter. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, the Declarant neither 
commits to, nor shall hereby be obligated to, construct such Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

10.12 Sidewalks. The Association shall be responsible for the maintenance and 
repair of all sidewalks within DEL WEBB BEXLEY located in the Common Areas or on 
any Lot; however, each Owner agrees to reimburse the Association any expense incurred 
in repairing any damage to such sidewalk in the event that the negligent or willful acts of 
such Owner, their Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees caused such 
damage to any sidewalk area. Failure Of an Owner to reimburse the Association any 
costs necessitated by such negligent or willful acts shall subject the Owner to an 
Individual Assessment for such costs. Maintenance, repair and replacement of <strike>sidewalks 
and</strike> walkways other than sidewalks located on any Lot, including walkways from the 
driveway to the Home, shall be the responsibility Of the Lot Owner. 


11.8.2.1 No Owner shall allow sprinklers installed or operated by 
such Owner with respect to Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping to spray or other 
water sources owned or operated by such Owner or their Lessee to deliver water 
within one foot (l') Of any Party Wall, excluding rainfall that falls directly on 
such area (i.e. an Owner or Lessee shall not collect rainfall from other portions of 
the Lot and deliver it within one foot (1') of any Party Wall); 

12.4.3 Prohibited Vehicles. No commercial vehicle, limousine, recreational 
vehicle, boat, trailer, including without limitation, boat trailers, house trailers, mobile 
homes, and trailers of every other type, kind or description, or camper, may be kept 
within DEL WEBB BEXLEY <strike>No commercial vehicle or limousine may be kept within
DEL WEBB BEXLEY<strike> except in the garage of a Home. The term "commercial vehicle" 
shall not be deemed to include law enforcement vehicles or recreational or sport utility 
vehicles (i.e., Broncos, Blazers, Explorers, Navigators, etc.) Or clean "non-working" 
vehicles such as pick-up trucks, vans, or cars if they are used by the Owner on a daily 
basis for normal transportation; provided, however, vehicles with ladders, racks, and 
hooks attached to such vehicles shall be "commercial vehicles" prohibited by this 
Section. No vehicles displaying commercial advertising <strike>in violation of this Section
12.4.3</strike> shall be parked within the public view. <strike>No commercial advertising on such
vehicles shall (i) be located other than on the side, and rear doors or panels of the vehicle
(including print copy, logos, borders and all other advertising graphics and designs) and
(iii) not physically protrude from the vehicle in any manner.</strike>  Vehicle with commercial
commercial advertising <strike>in violation of the forgoing limitations</strike> must be parked 
in the garage of a Home. No vehicles bearing a "for sale" sign shall be parked within the public view 
anywhere within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. For any Owner who drives an automobile 
issued by the County or other governmental entity (i.e., police cars), such automobile 
shall not be deemed to be a commercial vehicle and may be parked in the garage or 
driveway of the Lot. No vehicle shall be used as a domicile or residence either 
temporarily or permanently. No all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), <strike>golf carts</strike>, scooters or mini 
motorcycles are permitted at any time on any private streets, roadways, sidewalks or 
other paved surfaces forming a part of the Common Areas. Golf Carts are permitted 
within the private streets and roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, but must comply with 
and be operated, maintained, repaired, stored and parked in accordance with all 
applicable Rules and Regulations regulating same. Additionally no ATV or mini 
motorcycle may be parked or stored within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including any Lot, 
except in the garage of a Home.

12.14 Fences/Walls/Screens. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed on 
any Lot other than Perimeter Walls/Fences and Pool/Patio Enclosures installed by 
Declarant in connection with the original construction of the Home or by an Owner with 
ARC approval. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed by any Owner of a Lot 
within any Conservation Easement Property, including upland buffer areas, or any 
Perimeter Buffer Easement. NO chain link or wooden fencing Of any kind shall be 
allowed, and unless otherwise approved by Declarant (or the Association following the 
Turnover Date). Fences, to the extent permitted by this Section 12.14, shall not be 
installed flush to the ground so that drainage will be blocked in any way. All such fences 
must be in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. Due to the CDD's maintenance 
requirements and responsibilities, the installation of such fences within a drainage 
easement area is not expected to be approved by the ARC. However, in the event a fence 
is installed within a drainage easement area, with or without prior written ARC approval, 
the Owner is solely responsible for fence repair or replacement if the drainage easement 
area needs to be accessed for repairs or maintenance. As a condition to ARC approval of 
any fences in drainage easement areas, the ARC may require the Owner to obtain, at his 
or her own cost and expense, an agreement in writing executed by the CDD approving 
such fence, which agreement may be recorded in the Public Records by the Association 
in its sole and absolute discretion. All <strike>screening and screened</strike> Pool/Patio Enclosures 
shall have the prior written approval Of the ARC and shall be in compliance with the 
Architectural Guidelines. All enclosures of balconies, ,strike>or patios</strike>, including addition of 
vinyl windows, shall be approved by the ARC and all decks shall have the prior written 
approval of the ARC. 

12.21 Water Body Slopes. The rear yard of some Lots may border wet retention 
areas or lakes or water bodies forming part of the CDD Facilities or part Of the SWMS. 
The CDD will regulate and maintain the water body slopes and banks for such wet 
retention areas, lakes or water bodies located within such rear yards to prevent or restore 
erosion of slopes and banks due to drainage or roof culvert outfalls Or any Other reason. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Association, as part of the Landscaping and Irrigation 
Maintenance, Or the Owner Of such Lot, as part of maintaining and the Pool/Patio 
Enclosure Landscaping, shall maintain and irrigate sod and permitted landscaping within 
such water body slopes and banks located on such Owner's Lot to prevent erosion of 
same. In addition, the Owner of such Lot shall ensure that such water body banks and 
slopes remain free of any structural or landscape encroachments so as to permit vehicular 
access for maintenance when needed. Each record title owner of each Lot bordering on 
the water body, by the acceptance Of a deed to their Lot, hereby grants the CDD an 
easement of ingress and egress across his or her Lot to all adjacent water body areas for 
the purpose of ensuring compliance with the requirements of this Section. 


12.31 Swimming Pools. Hot Tubs and Spas. No above-ground pools shall be 
permitted on any Lot. Above-ground hot tubs and in-ground pools may be permitted 
within a Pool/Patio Enclosure with ARC approval. In-ground pools may also include an 
in-ground spa if same is approved by the ARC in its sole discretion. All in-ground pools, 
hot tubs and appurtenances installed on any Lot within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall 
require the prior written approval of the ARC as set forth in this Declaration. The design 
must incorporate, at a minimum, the following: (i) the composition of the material must 
be thoroughly tested and accepted by the industry for such construction; (ii) any 
swimming pool or swimming pool/spa combination constructed on any Lot shall have an 
elevation at the top of the pool and spa (as applicable) of not over two feet (2') above the 
natural grade unless approved by the ARC; (iii) swimming pools, hot tubs and spas must 
be installed within a Pool/Patio Enclosure Of a design, color and material approved by the 
ARC and such enclosures shall be no higher than twelve feet (12') unless otherwise 
approved by the ARC and shall in no event be higher than the roof line of the Home. 
Pool/Patio Enclosures shall not extend beyond the sides Of the Home without express 
approval by the ARC. All pools and spa (as applicable) shall be adequately maintained 
and chlorinated (or cleaned with similar treatment). No diving boards, slides, or platforms 
shall be permitted. Under no circumstances may chlorinated water be discharged onto 
Other Owners' lawns, the Common Areas, the community streets, or into any water 
bodies within DEL WEBB BEXLEY or adjoining properties. Nothing herein shall be 
construed to restrict or prohibit compliance with the minimum requirements for 
installation, operation and maintenance of fences or other barriers constituting safety 
barriers around swimming pools, hot tubs, spas and appurtenances on a Lot as may be 
required by the Pasco County Code or other governmental regulation or law, subject to 
the approval and additional requirements of the ARC. 

dds3. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 
shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended 
by this First Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 
right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 
personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this First Amendment to be executed 
as of the date and year first above written. 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 7th day of November, 2018, by Rob Barber, as Vice President of 
PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf of the company.
