SIXTH AMENDMENT 
TO 
COMMUNITY DECLARATION 
FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL 
WEBB BEXLEY (the "Sixth Amendment") is made as of February 27, 2020, by 
PULITE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited Liability company authorized to transact 
business in the state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 
COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 
and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS. Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into that 
certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 
Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 
Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 
in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 
to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 
Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 
Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, Page 717, and as 
supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 
Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 
9929, Page 1953, and as supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and 
Fifth Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 26, 2020 in 
Official Records Book 10059, Page 2633, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida 
(collectively, the "Declaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Sixth Amendment, capitalized terms used 
herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the 'Turnover' (as defined 
in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 
joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 
law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 
forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 
Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 
limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 
Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Sixth Amendment to 
(i) allow an Owner to install a temporary storage/moving container on such Owner's driveway in 
order to facilitate such Owner or their Lessee moving in or moving out of such Owner's Home 
subject to certain conditions as more particularly set forth hereinbelow, (ii) set forth procedures 
and requirements pursuant to which an Owner, with the approval of the ARC and at such Owner's 
sole cost and expense, may request that the Association replace Street Trees located in the 
Common Area Roadway Tracts (as such terms are defined below) adjacent to their Lots, all as 
more particularly set forth hereinbelow; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Sixth Amendment to confirm 
its approval of and consent to same; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Sixth Amendment to 
confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 
contained in this Sixth Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the Association 
and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Sixth Amendment, as follows: 

1, Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein by 
reference. 

2. Ratification Of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 
provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

3. Amendment and Restatement of Section 12.36 Regarding Storage. Section 
12.36 of the Declaration is hereby amended and restated to read as follows (additions are double-
underlined and deletions, if any, are stricken through):


"12.36 Storage. No temporary or permanent utility or storage shed, 
storage building, tent, or other structure or improvement shall be permitted and no 
other structure or improvement shall be constructed, erected, altered, modified or 
maintained. Notwithstanding anything else herein, an Owner shall be allowed to
install a temporary storage/moving container on such Owner's driveway to
facilitate such Owner or their Lessee moving in or moving out such Home for
up to a maximum of seventy-two (72) hours provided, however that no
Owner shall install a temporary storage/moving container on such Owner's
driveway, unless (i) such Owner provides written notice to the Manager at least
three (3) business days prior to the proposed date of installation of such temporary
storage/moving container and (ii) the Association provides written approval to 
such Owner for installation of such temporary storage/moving container in its sole
discretion, including the dates and the location of such installation.  If an Owner or
their Lessee install a temporary storage/moving container pursuant to this Section
12.36, such Owner expressly assumes and agrees to indemnify, insure and save and
hold harmless the Indemnified Parties from and against any and all actions, injuries
claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses of any kind or nature
whatsoever incurred in connection with, as a result of or in any way relating to the
delivery, use and removal of such temporary storage/moving container, including,
but not limited to, damage to such Owner's own Lot, Home, driveway, walkways, 
sidewalks and pavers and damage to any other Lot, Home, Parcel, Tract or
Common Area.  Water softeners, trash containers, pool pumps, filters and equipment 
and other similar devices shall be properly screened from the street in a manner 
approved by the ARC." 

4. Addition of Section 10.15 Regarding Replacement Street frees. The following 
Section 10.15 is hereby added to the Declaration. 

10.15 Replacement Of Street Trees in Common Area Roadway Tracts Adjacent to 
Lots. As more particularly set forth in Section 10.5 above, all roadways within DEL WEBB 
BEXLEY shall he private roadways located within Tracts that constitute Common Areas 
(each a All landscaping located in Common Area 
Roadway Tracts, including, without limitation, trees located between an Owner's Lot and 
the private roadway located within the Common Area Roadway Tract (each a "'Street 
Tree") are to be maintained by the Association as an Operating Expense. At the request of 
an Owner, and on compliance with the requirements set forth hereinbelow, the Association 
may replace one or more Street Trees adjoining an Owner's Lot with a Street Tree of a 
different type or species (each a No Street Tree may be 
removed and no Replacement Street Tree may be installed unless the Owner of the adjacent 
Lot complies with each of the foregoing requirements: 

10.15.1 Declarant Or the ARC may establish Architectural Guidelines for 
Replacement Street Trees which may include, but shall not be limited to, requirements and 
limitations as to type, species, size, coloring, installation locations and such other 
requirements or criteria as the Declarant or ARC may determine in their sole discretion. If 
there are no Architectural Guidelines for Replacement Street Trees in effect, existing Street 
Trees may not be removed and Replacement Street Trees may not be installed. 

10.15.2 All requests for installation of Replacement Street Tree within the
Common Area Roadway Tract adjacent to an Owner's Lot must be submitted by the Owner 
to the ARC, must be in writing, and must be on such forms and contain such information 
as required by the ARC. All requests for removal of Street Trees and installation of 
Replacement Street Trees will be reviewed by the ARC in accordance with Section 19 of 
the Declaration and this Section 10.15. The ARC may approve, approve with conditions 
or disapprove any request for removal Of Street Trees and installation or Replacement 
Street Trees in the ARC's sole and absolute discretion. 

10.15.3 If approved by the ARC, existing Street Trees shall be removed and 
Replacement Street Trees shall be installed by a landscape contractor selected by the 
Association. No Owner, Lessee or any party other than the Association's landscape 
contractor may remove a Street Tree or install a Replacement Street Tree within any 
Common Area Roadway Tract. 

10.15.4 The Owner of the Lot who requested installation of the Replacement
Street Trees shall be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by the Association in 
removing the existing Street Trees and installing Replacement Street Trees. At the option 
of the Association, the Association may require that such Owner deposit funds with the 
Association (each a "Replacement Street Tree Deposit") to be applied by the Association 
against the costs and expenses of removing existing Street Trees and installing 
Replacement Street Trees. Any Replacement Street Tree Deposit required by the 
Association shall not be deemed a cap or limitation on the Owner's obligation to reimburse 
the Association for all costs and expenses incurred in removing the existing Street Trees 
and installing Replacement Street Trees as requested by the Owner. Any costs and 
expenses incurred by the Association in connection with such matters which are not paid 
by an Owner's Replacement Street Tree Deposit shall be collected by the Association 
through an Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot in accordance with Section 
17.2.6 hereinbelow. 

10.15.5 Neither the Association, the ARC nor the Declarant shall be deemed 
to have made any warranties or representations regarding the size, growth, coloration, or 
any other aspect or feature of any Replacement Street Trees. Any depictions or information 
regarding Replacement Street Trees provided by the Manager, Association, ARC, 
Declarant or any landscaping contractor engaged by the Association to install Replacement 
Street Trees shall be for general information purposes only and do not constitute a warranty 
or representation regarding the Replacement Street Trees which will be installed in the 
Common Area Roadway Tracts adjacent to any Owner's Lot. No Owner or any other party 
shall have any right to require the Association to install a different Replacement Street Tree 
on such Owner's Lot or to make any claim or demand against the Association, the ARC, 
the Manager, Declarant or the landscape contractor installing the Replacement Street Tree 
in the event such Owner is dissatisfied with same. 

5. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended and restated, the 
Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as 
amended and restated by this Sixth Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 
all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and 
their respective heirs, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures On the Following Pages] 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Sixth Amendment to be executed 
as Of the date and year first above written. 