THIRD AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 
FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DFCLARATION FOR DEL 
WEBB BEXLEY (the "Third Amendment") is made as of February 15, 2019, by 
PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan liability company authorized to transact 
business in the State of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 
COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 
and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into that 
certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 
Records Book 9774, Page 2623 as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 
Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 
in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as amended by that certain Second Amendment to 
Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 
Book 9821, Page 2967, all in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 
"Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as defined 
in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 
joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 
law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 
forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 
Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 
limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 
Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Third Amendment to 
amend and restate Sections 17.11 and 17.12 of the Declaration to provide for an increase in the 
"Initial Contribution" and "Resale Contribution" (as such terms are defined in the Declaration), as 
more particularly set forth hereinbelow; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this Third Amendment, Declarant and the 
Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all of the Lots and Common Area Tracts within 
DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this Third Amendment to confirm its 
approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this Third Amendment to confirm its approval of 
and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 
contained in this Third Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the Association 
and Founder join in and consent to this Third Amendment, as follows: 

1. Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 
incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall have 
the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

2. Initial Contribution. Section 17.11 of the Declaration is hereby amended as   
follows (additions are double-underlined, and deletions, if any, are stricken through): 

"17.11 Initial Contribution. The first purchaser of a Lot from the Declarant shall pay to 
the Association an initial contribution in the amount of ONE THOUSAND AND NO/100
DOLLARS ($1,000.00) <strike>EIGHT HUNDRED AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($800.00)</strike> (the
"Initial Contribution") at the time of closing of the conveyance. The funds derived from 
the Initial Contributions are deemed income to the Association and shall be used at the 
discretion of Board for any purpose, including without limitation, future and existing 
capital improvements, Operating Expenses, support costs and start-up costs." 
 
3. Resale Contribution. Section 17.12 of the Declaration is hereby amended as
follows (additions are double-underlined, and deletions, if any, are stricken through):

"17.12 Resale Contribution. After the Home has been conveyed by Declarant, there shall 
be collected from the purchaser upon every subsequent conveyance of an ownership 
interest in a Home by an Owner a resale contribution in the amount of ONE THOUSAND 
AND NO/1OO DOLLARS ($1,000.00) <strike>EIGHT HUNDRED AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($800)</strike> 
(the "Resale Contribution"). The Board, in its discretion, may increase the 
amount of the Resale Contribution from time to time commencing on the date that is five 
(5) years after the date of recordation of this Declaration, provided, however, that the 
amount of such Resale Contribution may not increase at an aggregate rate in excess of two 
percent (2%) per year for the period commencing on the date of recordation of this 
Declaration through the effective date of such increase unless such additional increase is 
approved pursuant to an amendment to this Declaration pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof. 
The Resale Contribution shall not be applicable to conveyances from or to Declarant or 
Founder. The funds derived from the Resale Contributions are income to the Association 
and shall be used at the discretion of Board for any purpose, including without limitation, 
future and existing capital improvements, Operating Expenses, support costs and start-up 
costs." 

4. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration
shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended by 
this Third Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 
right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 
personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Third Amendment to be executed 
as of the date and year first above written.