SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION 
AND FOURTH AMENDMENT 
TO 
COMMUNITY DECLARATION 
FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION AND FOURTH AMENDMENT TO 
COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (the "Supplemental 
Declaration") is made as of June 20, 2019, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, 
LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact business in the State of Florida 
(the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 
INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a 
Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into 
that certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 
Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 
Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 
in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second 
Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in 
Official Records Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community 
Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, 
Page 717, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the "Declaration"); 
and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Declaration, capitalized 
terms used herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is the fee simple owner of certain property located in Pasco 
County, Florida which is contiguous to the Phase 1 Property and more particularly described on 
Exhibit "1" attached hereto and which Declarant intends to develop as Phase 2 of DEL WEBB 
BEXLEY (such property being hereinafter described as the "Phase 2 Property"); and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration provides that prior to the Community 
Completion Date, additional lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant and 
that such additional lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of the 
Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to the Declaration in the Public 
Records; and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration further provides that, except for applicable 
governmental approvals (if any) and the consent of Founder if such annexed additional lands are 
not part of the Additional Property, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from 
any other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or any Lenders); and 

WHEREAS, the Community Completion Date has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the Declarant has obtained all applicable governmental approvals required 
for the Phase 2 Property to be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brought within the 
provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Phase 2 Property is part of the Additional Property and therefore the 
consent of Founder to this Supplemental Declaration annexing to Phase 2 Property as part of 
DEL WEBB BEXLEY is not required; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant, as evidenced by its execution hereof, wishes and does hereby 
submit the Phase 2 Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brings the Phase 2 Property 
within the provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as 
defined in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, 
without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by 
applicable law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise 
expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 
Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 
limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 
Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Supplemental 
Declaration to (i) amend and restate the description of the Additional Property attached as 
Exhibit 5 to the Declaration, (ii) add additional definitions for the Phase 2 Property and Phase 2 
Plat to the Declaration and (iii) amend and restate Section 28.14 of the Declaration to modify 
certain disclosures regarding the Founder's Post Closing Agreement as a result of Declarant's 
acquisition of the Phase 2 Property from Founder and the amendment of the Founder's Post 
Closing Agreement in connection with same, all as more particularly set forth hereinbelow; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental Declaration to 
confirm its approval of and consent to same; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental 
Declaration to confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 
contained in this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant hereby supplements and amends the 
Declaration, and the Association and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Supplemental 
Declaration, as follows: 

1. Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein 
by reference. 

2. Ratification of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 
provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

3.Annexation of Phase 2 Property. Pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Declaration, the 
Phase 2 Property is hereby annexed into and made a part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and subjected 
to the covenants, conditions and restrictions of the Declaration. The Phase 2 Property shall be 
held, occupied, sold and conveyed subject to the Declaration, which is for the purpose of 
enhancing and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 
(including the Phase 2 Property) and which shall run with the title to DEL WEBB BEXLEY 
(including the Phase 2 Property). 

4. Modification of Description of Additional Property on Exhibit 5 to the 
Declaration. The description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 5 to the Declaration 
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the description of the Additional Property 
attached as Exhibit 5 to this Supplemental Declaration. 

5. Additional Definitions. The following additional definitions are hereby added to 
Section 2 of the Declaration: 

"Phase 2 Plat" shall mean any recorded subdivision plat of any part or all of the Phase 2 
Property. 

"Phase 2 Property" shall have the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Declaration 
and Fourth Amendment to the Declaration. 

6. Amendment and Restatement of Section 28.14. Section 28.14 of the Declaration 
is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows (deletions indicated by 
strikethrough and additions indicated by double underline): 

28.14 Additional Property Easements. Declarant and Founder have 
entered into that certain Development Rights and Post Closing Agreement 
recorded December 26, 2017 in Official Records Book 9654, Page 1561, as 
amended Amendment to Rights Post Closing Agreement
recorded May 13, 2019 in Official Records Book 9654, Page 1561, as
amended by Amendment to Development Rights and Post Closing Agreeement
recorded May 13, 2019 in Official Records Book 9905, Page 380, both of the
Public Records (together the "Founder Post Closing Agreement") setting forth 
certain agreements and granting certain easements with respect to the 
development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional Property, which is 
currently owned by Founder and which Declarant has the obligation to purchase 
in one or more takedowns pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract. Such 
agreements and easements include the following: 

28.14.1 Access and Utility Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(a) 
of the Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant has granted to Founder, for the 
benefit of the Additional Property, a non-exclusive easement for ingress and 
egress (the "Additional Property Access Easement") and a non-exclusive 
easement for utility purposes (the "Additional Property Utility Easement") over 
the portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY more particularly described on Exhibit "C" 
of the Founder Post Closing Agreement (the "Additional Property Access and 
Utility Easement Area"). The purpose of the Additional Property Access 
Easement and Additional Property Utility Easement is to provide a means of 
providing access and extending utilities to the Additional Property. The 
Additional Property Access Easement will automatically terminate upon 
conveyance by deed, or dedication by plat, of the Additional Property Access and 
Utilities Easement Area to the County or a community development district, 
which provides equivalent rights enabling the Additional Property to be served by 
public access. The Additional Property Utility Easement shall automatically 
terminate upon the grant or dedication of public utility easement(s) contiguous to 
the Additional Property, which provide equivalent rights enabling the Additional 
Property to be served by public utilities. 

28.14.2 Drainage Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) of the 
Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant granted to Founder, for the benefit of 
the Additional Property, a non-exclusive drainage easement (the "Additional 
Property Drainage Easement") over, under, across and through the Phase I 
Property and Phase 2 Propgr_ty. Upon recording of the Phase 1 Plat angl hase 
Plat, the Additional Property Drainage Easement shall be over only those portions 
of the Phase 1 Property constituting drainage areas which 
serve to provide drainage to the Additional Property (together the "Additional 
Property Drainage Easement Areas"). The Additional Property Drainage 
Easement shall automatically terminate upon the grant or dedication of public 
drainage easement(s) contiguous to the Additional Property which provide 
equivalent rights enabling the Additional Property to be served by public 
drainage. 

28.14.3 Maintenance of Easement Areas. Paragraph 2(d) of the 
Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that Declarant will maintain the 
Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area and Additional Property 
Drainage Easement Areas owned by it in good condition and repair in compliance 
with all Applicable Laws, as defined in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. The 
Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area constitutes Common Area 
under this Declaration. Accordingly, Declarant hereby assigns to the Association, 
and the Association, by its joinder in this Declaration, hereby accepts, assumes 
and agrees to perform, all duties and obligations to maintain the Additional 
Property Access and Utility Easement Area in accordance with the Founder Post 
Closing Agreement. The Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas within 
the Phase 1 Plat and Phase 2 will be dedicated to the CDD by the Phase 1 Plat 
and Phase 2 Plat and shall be maintained by the CDD in accordance with the 
CDD Documents. 

28.14.4 Additional Terms and Non-Modification. The disclosures 
regarding the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this Section 28.14 are 
provided for informational purposes and are not intended to provide a complete 
summary of all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Founder Post 
Closing Agreement. Additional terms, conditions and covenants with respect to 
the Additional Property Access and Utility Easement and Additional Property 
Drainage Easement and additional covenants and agreements regarding the 
development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional Property are more 
particularly set forth in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. Neither the 
disclosures regarding the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this 
Section 28.14 nor Founder's joinder in this Declaration shall serve to modify, 
negate, waive or in any other way alter the terms, covenants and conditions of the 
Founder Post Closing Agreement or the enforcement of any rights, obligations 
and remedies arising from or under the Founder Post Closing Agreement. 

28.14.5 Release of Lots, Common Areas and CDD Tracts. 
Paragraph 14 of the Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that, except as 
provided hereinbelow, the Founder Post Closing Agreement shall automatically 
terminate and be of no further force and effect with respect to any portion of DEL 
WEBB BEXLEY transferred to the CDD, the Association (as the "Neighborhood 
Association" under the Founder Post Closing Agreement) or any Owner who 
acquires title to a Lot with a Home. Such Paragraph 14 also provides that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing termination of the Founder Post Closing 
Agreement with respect to property transferred to the CDD, Association and any 
such Owner, the terms of Paragraph 2 of the Additional Property Agreement shall 
not terminate and shall remain in effect with respect to any Lot, Common Area or 
CDD Tract in DEL WEBB BEXLEY containing either the Additional Property 
Access and Utility Easement Area or the Additional Property Drainage Easement 
Areas. 

7. Effect of Supplemental Declaration. Except as herein specifically 
supplemented and amended, the Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance 
with its terms. The Declaration, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental 
Declaration, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any right, title or 
interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the Phase 2 Property) or any portion thereof, and 
their respective heirs, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pages/ 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Supplemental Declaration to be 
executed as of the date and year first above written. 

EXHIBIT "1" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2 


