SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION 
AND FIFTH AMENDMENT 
TO 
COMMUNITY DECLARATION 
FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 
(PHASE 3) 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION AND FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DE WEBB BEXLEY (PHASE 3) (the 
"Supplemental Declaration") is made as of February 20 2020, by PULTE HOME 
COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact business in the 
State of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 
ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP- 
BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into that 
certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 
Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 
Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 
in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 
to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 
Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 
Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, Page 717, and as 
supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 
Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 
9929, Page 1953, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 
"Declaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Declaration, capitalized terms 
used herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is the fee simple owner of certain property located in Pasco 
County, Florida which is contiguous to the Phase 2 Property and more particularly described on 
Exhibit "l" attached hereto and which Declarant intends to develop as Phase 3 of DEL WEBB 
BEXLEY (such property being hereinafter described as the "Phase 3 Property"); and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration provides that prior to the Community 
Completion Date, additional lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant and 
that such additional lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of the 
Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to the Declaration in the Public 
Records; and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration further provides that, except for applicable 
governmental approvals (if any) and the consent of Founder if such annexed additional lands are 
not part of the Additional Property, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from any 
other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or any Lenders); and 

WHEREAS, the Community Completion Date has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the Declarant has obtained all applicable governmental approvals required 
for the Phase 3 Property to be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brought within the 
provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Phase 3 Property is part of the Additional Property and therefore the 
consent of Founder to this Supplemental Declaration annexing to Phase 3 Property as part of DEL 
BEXLEY is not required; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant, as evidenced by its execution hereof, wishes and does hereby 
submit the Phase 3 Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brings the Phase 3 Property 
within the provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as defined 
in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 
joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 
law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 
forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 
Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 
limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 
Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Supplemental 
Declaration to (i) amend and restate the description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 
5 to the Declaration,(ii) add additional definitions for the Phase 3 Property and Phase 3 Plat to the 
Declaration and (iii) amendment of portions of Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 28.14.3 of the 
Declaration to modify certain disclosures regarding the Founder's Post Closing Agreement as a 
result of Declarant's acquisition of the Phase 3 Property from Founder and the amendment of the 
Founder's Post Closing Agreement in connection with same, all as more particularly set forth 
hereinbelow; and  

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental Declaration to 
confirm its approval of and consent to same; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental 
Declaration to confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 
contained in this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant hereby supplements and amends the 
Declaration, and the Association and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Supplemental 
Declaration, as follows: 

1. Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein by 

2. Ratification of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 
provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

3. Annexation of Phase 3 Property. Pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Declaration, the 
Phase 3 Property is hereby annexed into and made a part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and subjected 
to the covenants, conditions and restrictions of the Declaration. The Phase 3 Property shall be 
held, occupied, sold and conveyed subject to the Declaration, which is for the purpose of enhancing 
and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness of DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the 
Phase 3 Property) and which shall run with the title to DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the Phase 

3 Property). 

4. Modification or Description of Additional 5 to the Declaration. 
The description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 5 to the Declaration is hereby 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the description of the Additional Property attached as 
Exhibit 5 to this Supplemental Declaration. 

5. Additional Definitions. The following additional definitions are hereby added to 
Section 2 of the Declaration: 

"Phase 3 Plat" shall mean any recorded subdivision plat of any part or all of the Phase 3 

Property. 

"Phase 3 Property" shall have the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Declaration and 
Fifth Amendment to the Declaration. 

6. Amendment of Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 28.14.3. Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 
28.14.3 of the Declaration are hereby amended to read as follows (additions are double-underlined, 
and deletions, if any, are 

"28.14.2 Drainage Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) of the 
Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant granted to Founder, for the benefit of 
the Additional Property, a non-exclusive drainage easement (the "Additional 
Property Drainage Easement") over, under, across and through the Phase 1 
Property <strike>and</strike> Phase 2 Property and Phase 3 Upon recording of the Phase 
1 Plata <strike>and</strike>Phase 2 Plat and Phase 3 Plat, the Additional Property Drainage 
Easement shall be over only those portions of the Phase 1 Property <strike>and</strike>Phase 2 
Property constituting drainage areas which serve to provide 
drainage to the Additional Property (together the "Additional Property Drainage 
Easement Areas"). The Additional Property Drainage Easement shall 
automatically terminate upon the grant or dedication of public drainage easement(s) 
contiguous to the Additional Property which provide equivalent rights enabling the 
Additional Property to be served by public drainage. 

28.14.3 Maintenance of Easement Areas. Paragraph 2(d) of the 
Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that Declarant will maintain the 
Additional Property-Access and Utility Easement Area and Additional Property 
Drainage Easement Areas owned by it in good condition and repair in compliance 
with all Applicable Laws, as defined in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. The 
Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area constitutes Common Area 
under this Declaration. Accordingly, Declarant hereby assigns to the Association, 
and the Association, by its joinder in this Declaration, hereby accepts, assumes and 
agrees to perform, all duties and obligations to maintain the Additional Property 
Access and Utility Easement Area in accordance with the Founder Post Closing 
Agreement. The Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas within the Phase 1 
Plat <strike>and</strike> Phase 2 Plat and Phase 3 Plat will be dedicated to the CDD by the Phase 
1 Plats <strike>and</strike>Phase 2 Plat and Phase 3 Plat and shall be maintained by the CDD in 
accordance with the CDD Documents." 

7. Effect of Supplemental Declaration. Except as herein specifically supplemented 
and amended, the Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
The Declaration, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Declaration, shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB 
BEXLEY (including the Phase 3 Property) or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 
administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pages] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Supplemental Declaration to be 
executed as of the date and year first above written. 


EXHIBIT 1 

(Legal Description of the Phase 3 Property) 