The Board of Directors of Del Webb Bexley Community Association, Inc. (the “Association”), pursuant Section 12.46 of the Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (the Declaration”), hereby adopts this Commercial Drone Policy, effective April 24, 2025 This Policy shall be part of the Association’s Rules and Regulations. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Policy and the terms of other Association Rules and Regulations, the terms of this Policy shall apply. However, in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Policy and the terms of the Governing Documents, the Governing Documents shall apply.
In order to operate commercial drones within the Del Webb Community, all operators must hold a valid drone pilot licenses issued by the Federal Aviation, hold insurance in the minimum amount of $1,000,000.00,and adhere to  the following conditions:

The drone operator must submit a completed Commercial Drone Notification Form, a copy of which is attached hereto, to Association’s Property Manager, via email at DWBManager@qualifiedproperty.com,prior to operating the Drone within the Association.   unless this requirement is waived by the Association’s president. Subject to approval by the Association, commercial drone usage is authorized on Association property for the purpose of inspection, analysis, aerial surveillance, photography to determine repair, maintenance or other as deemed necessary and for the purpose of assessment and evaluation, under (or after) emergency conditions to prevent, abate, or mitigate injury to property or persons within Del Webb Bexley Community. Commercial drone usage on property owned by any person or entity other than the Association, without the Association’s permission in writing,  will require written consent of the Owner of the property.   

Subject to approval by the Association, commercial drone usage is authorized by or on behalf of an individual Lot Owner is limited to roof inspections and real estate aerial photography and videography. Roof inspections and real estate photography shall be conducted only within the confines of the Lot, except as set forth below.  Owners are responsible for ensuring any person or entity retained on his/her/its behalf complies fully with this Policy. 

Owners seeking to obtain photography and videography of the Common Areas and Association amenities via commercial drones must submit a completed Common Area Permission Form, a copy of which is attached hereto, and obtain by prior written approval from the Association.

The intended Drone Operator must submit this Common Area Permission From and obtain written consent of the Association prior to operating commercial drones over Common Areas. Approval for operation of commercial drones over Common Areas shall be granted at the Board of Directors’ sole discretion.
