Certificate of Amendment to the Community Declaration for Del Webb 
Bexley
Prepared by and when recorded return to: 

Jonathan J. Ellis, Esq. 
SHUMAKER Shumaker, Loop & Kendrick, LLP 
101 East Kennedy Boulevard, 
Suite 2800 Tampa, Florida 33602 
Phone: (813) 229-7600 Recording 

Information: INSTR#: 2024118664 OR BK: 11041 PG 1514 Date/Time: 
07/03/2024 12:57 PM County: Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County 
Clerk & Comptroller Recitals

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB 
BEXLEY This Certificate of Amendment to the Community Declaration for 
Del Webb Bexley Community Association, Inc. (the "Association"). 

WHEREAS, the Association is subject to the Community Declaration for Del 
Webb Bexley, as recorded in Official Records Book 9774, Page 2623, et 
seq., of the public records of Pasco County, Florida, as amended from 
time to time (the "Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, Section 4.4 of the 
Declaration provides that a proposed amendment shall be adopted by 
approval of: (a) a majority of all of the Board of Directors; and (b) 
fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests present at a duly called 
meeting of the members entitled to vote at which there was a quorum; 

WHEREAS, at a duly noticed meeting of the Board of Directors, held in 
the manner required by the Association's Governing Documents, the Board 
of Directors voted to approve the Amendments to the Declaration attached 
to this Certificate as EXHIBIT A; and 

WHEREAS, at a duly noticed meeting 
of the Members of the Association, held in the manner required by the 
Association's Governing Documents, the requisite number of Members voted 
to approve the Amendments to the Declaration attached to this 
Certificate as EXHIBIT A; 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Association hereby declares and certifies as follows: 

1. The foregoing recitals are true and correct. 
2. All initially capitalized terms not defined herein or in the 
Amendments shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration or 
Bylaws. 
3. With respect to the Amendments, text to be deleted is indicated 
by ~~strikethrough~~ (~~strikethrough~~) and text to be added is 
indicated by an underline (underline). Ellipses (....) indicate that the 
language omitted by the ellipsis shall remain unchanged. 
4. In the event 
that there is a conflict between the Amendments and the previously 
existing Bylaws, the Amendments shall control. 
5. All provisions of the Declaration, Bylaws and Articles are hereby ratified and shall be of 
full force and affect, except as specifically modified and amended by 
the Amendments. 


EXHIBIT "A" 
Amendments to the Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley 

12.24 Leases. Unless provided otherwise, any lease must comply, in full, 
with the following provisions. 

12.24.1 Homes may be leased, licensed or 
occupied only in their entirety and no fraction or portion may be 
rented. No bed and breakfast facility may be operated out of a Home. 
Individual rooms of a Home may not be leased on any basis. No transient 
tenants may be accommodated in a Home. All leases or occupancy 
agreements of Homes (collectively, "Lease Agreements") are subject to 
the provisions of this Section 12.24. 12.24.2 All Lease Agreements shall 
be in writing. A copy of all Lease Agreements shall be provided to the 
Association. No Lease Agreement may be for a term of less than one (1) 
year, and no Home may be leased more than two (2) times in any calendar 
year unless otherwise approved by the Association in the case of 
hardship. The Lessee, as part of the Lease Agreement, shall agree to 
abide by and adhere to the terms and conditions of this Declaration 
together with all Rules and Regulations and all policies adopted by the 
Association. By acceptance of a deed to a Home, the Owner hereby agrees 
to remove, at the Owner's sole expense, by legal means including 
eviction, his or her Lessee and all other occupants of their Home should 
the Lessee or occupants refuse or fail to abide by and adhere to this 
Declaration, the Rules and Regulations and any other policies adopted by 
the Association. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should an Owner fail to 
perform his or her obligations under this Section, the Association shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, to evict such Lessee or 
occupants and the costs of the same shall be charged to the Owner as an 
Individual Assessment. All Lease Agreements shall require the Home to be 
used solely as a private single family residence. Each leased Home shall 
be occupied by Lessees of the Lessee's Immediate Family Members, 
overnight guests and professional caregivers as a residence and for no 
other purpose. During such time as a Home is leased, the Owner of such 
Home shall not enjoy the use privileges of the Common Areas appurtenant 
to such Home.

12.24.2 No Home may be leased by an Owner unless and until at 
least one Owner has owned the Home for a period of at least eighteen 
(18) months (the "Non-Lease Period"). This subsection B shall not apply 
to any Owner who holds title to a Home on the date of the recording of 
this amendment, any Owner of a Vacation Getaway Home, as that term is 
defined, or DEL WEBB BEXLEY, regardless of when DEL WEBB BEXLEY obtains 
title to any Home. Further, the provisions set forth in this Subsection 
B shall not apply to any person(s) obtaining title as a result of any 
inheritance or probate proceedings, so long as the prior Owner(s) owned 
the Home for the duration of the Non-Lease Period. 

17.12 Resale Contribution. ~~After the Home has been conveyed by Declarant~~ 
For any conveyance of an ownership interest in a Home by someone other than the 
Developer, there shall be collected from the purchaser upon every 
subsequent conveyance of an ownership interest in a Home by an Owner a 
resale contribution in the amount of ~~ONE THOUSAND AND NO/100 DOLLARS 
$1,000~~ TWO THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED AND NO/100 DOLLARS $2,500.00 (the 
"Resale Contribution"). The Board, in its discretion, may increase the 
amount of the Resale Contribution from time to time commencing on the 
date that is five (5) years after the date of recordation of this 
Declaration, provided, however, that the amount of such Resale 
Contribution may not increase ~~in an amount greater than $1,000.00, in 
the aggregate, every four (4) years beginning on the date of recordation 
of this Declaration~~ at an aggregate rate in excess of two percent (2%) 
per year for the period commencing on the date of recordation of this 
Declaration through the effective date of such increase unless such 
additional increase is approved pursuant to an amendment to this 
Declaration pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof. The Resale Contribution 
shall not be applicable to conveyances from or to Declarant or Founder. 
The funds derived from the Resale Contributions are income to the 
Association and shall be used at the discretion of Board for any 
purpose, including without limitation, future and existing capital 
improvements, Operating Expenses, and support costs and start up costs. 

26.4 Traffic Enforcement. At the Association's option, the Association 
may enter into an agreement to provide for enforcement of traffic laws 
within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by the ~~sheriff~~ law enforcement and all costs 
of such enforcement incurred by the ~~sheriff~~ law enforcement shall be 
paid by the Association as an Operating Expense. 


