Del Webb At Bexley
USE OF GOLF CARTS
Use of Golf Carts on Private Roads and Multipurpose Paths: The community of Del Webb at Bexley authorizes privately owned golf cart travel on roads and multipurpose paths within the Community. It is expected that golf carts will travel on multipurpose paths unless the roads must be utilized to access a path. All golf carts will be required to meet minimum safety standards. Golf cart travel is permitted only within the boundaries of the Community and is not authorized on state, federal or county roads.

A. Registration/Operation - Registration and operation of a golf cart on designated streets shall be in compliance with the provisions of the Florida Rules of the Road and the Florida Vehicle Code.

B. Safe Working Condition - Carts must be in sound and safe working condition. No golf cart may be operated on a road or multipurpose path unless, at a minimum, it has the following: brakes, a steering apparatus, tires, a rearview mirror, red reflectorized warning devices in the front and rear, a slow moving emblem on the rear of the cart, a headlight that emits a white light visible from a distance of 500 feet to the front, a tail lamp that emits a red light visible from at least 100 feet from the rear, brake lights, and turn signals. When operated on a road or multipurpose path, a golf cart shall have its headlight and tail lamps lighted. A person who drives or is in actual physical control of a golf cart on a road or multipurpose path is subject to all motor vehicle regulations including, but not limited to, DUI provisions. Storage of carts must be in compliance with the HOA Declaration.

C. Insurance - Liability insurance must be maintained on all golf carts, with the amount of coverage determined by the owner in consultation with the owner's insurance agent. Owners will be personally responsible for the conduct of anyone operating their cart, and for any damage caused by its operation on community property. Children under the age of 16 will not be permitted to drive a golf cart on community roads and multipurpose paths.

D. Carts shall not be operated on community sidewalks, or on landscaped common areas at any time.

E. Street Rules - Carts should remain to the right side of the road where multipurpose paths are not provided, allowing regular vehicles to pass without obstruction. In so doing, operators must remain aware of and away from bikers and pedestrians. Bikers and pedestrians shall be given due consideration and a reasonable right of way at all times. Skaters, bikers, pedestrians, and golf carts will all share multipurpose paths running in conjunction with the major roads in the community.

F. Subject to Association Rules - Allowance for golf cart use in Del Webb at Bexley is intended to be a privilege and convenience to Association members, and any actions, which threaten the safety and wellbeing of the membership, or otherwise infringe upon the rights of others, will not be tolerated.