9774 G2735 

OR BK 

BYLAWS 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION NOT FOR PROFIT) 

Name and Location. The name of the corporation is DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

1. 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. (the "Association"). The principal office of the 

corporation shall be located at 2662 S. Falkenburg Road, Riverview, FL 33578, or at such other 

location determined by the Board of Directors (the "Board") from time to time. 

Definitions. The definitions contained in the COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL 

2. 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Declaration") relating to the residential community known as DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, recorded, or to be recorded, in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, are 

incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. In addition to the terms defined in the 

Declaration, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

"Minutes" shall mean the minutes of all member and Board meetings, which shall be in 

the form required by the Florida Statutes. In the absence of governing Florida Statutes, the Board 

shall determine the form of the minutes. 

"Official Records" shall mean all records required to be maintained by the Association 

pursuant to Section 720.303(4) of the Florida Statutes, as amended from time to time. 

Page 113 of 139 

3. 

Members. 

3.1 Voting Interests. Each Owner and the Declarant shall be a member of the 

Association. No person who holds an interest in a Lot only as security for the performance of an 

obligation shall be a member of the Association. Membership shall be appurtenant to, and may 

not be separated from, ownership of any Lot. There shall be one (l) vote appurtenant to each Lot. 

Prior to the Turnover, the Declarant shall have Voting Interests equal to nine (9) votes per Lot 

owned, provided, however, as to land which is annexed or added pursuant to the terms of this 

Declaration or any parcel designated as a Future Development Tract (or similar term) or set aside 

for future development under the Plat, Declarant shall be entitled to fourteen (14) votes per acre 

or fraction thereof contained within such parcel owned by Declarant until such time as the parcel 

is platted into Lots, whereupon Declarant shall be entitled to nine (9) votes per Lot in lieu of the 

votes per acre. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the Turnover Date, the Declarant 

shall have Voting Interest equal to one (1) vote for each Lot owned. For the purposes of 

determining who may exercise the Voting Interest associated with each Lot, the following rules 

shall govern: 

l. I . Home Owned By Husband and Wife. Either the husband or wife (but not 

both) may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to a Lot. In the event the husband and wife 

cannot agree, neither may exercise the Voting Interest. 

I .2. Trusts. In the event that any trust owns a Lot, the Association shall have no 

obligation to review the trust agreement with respect to such trust. By way of example, if the Lot 

2 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 
 
9774 G2736 

OR BK 

is owned by Robert Smith, as Trustee, Robert Smith shall be deemed the Owner of the Lot for all 

Association purposes. If the Lot is owned by Robert Smith as Trustee for the Laura Jones Trust, 

then Robert Smith shall be deemed the member with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. 

If the Lot is owned by the Laura Jones Trust, and the deed does not reference a trustee, then Laura 

Jones shall be deemed the member with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. If the Lot 

is owned by the Jones Family Trust, the Jones Family Trust may not exercise its Voting Interest 

unless it presents to the Association, in the form of an attorney opinion letter or affidavit reasonably 

acceptable to the Association, the identification of the person who should be treated as the member 

with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. If Robert Smith and Laura Jones, as Trustees, 

hold title to a Lot, either trustee may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. In the 

event of a conflict between trustees, the Voting Interest for the Lot in question cannot be exercised. 

In the event that any other form of trust ownership is presented to the Association, the decision of 

the Board as to who may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to any Lot shall be final. The 

Association shall have no obligation to obtain an attorney opinion letter in making its decision, 

which may be made on any reasonable basis whatsoever. 

1.3. Corporations. If a Lot is owned by a corporation, the corporation shall 

designate a person, an officer, employee, or agent who shall be treated as the member who can 

exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. 

Partnerships. If a Lot is owned by a limited partnership, any one of the 

general partners may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. By way of example, if 

the general partner of a limited partnership is a corporation, then the provisions hereof governing 

corporations shall govern which person can act on behalf of the corporation as general partner of 

such limited partnership. If a Lot is owned by a general partnership, any one of the general partners 

may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. In the event of a conflict among general 

partners entitled to exercise a Voting Interest, the Voting Interest for such Lot cannot be exercised. 

1.5. Multiple Individuals. If a Lot is owned by more than one individual, any 

one of such individuals may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to such Lot. In the event that 

there is a conflict among such individuals, the Voting Interest for such Lot cannot be exercised. 

1.6. Liability of the Association. The Association may act in reliance upon any 

writing or instrument or signature, whether original or facsimile, which the Association, in good 

faith, believes to be genuine, may assume the validity and accuracy of any statement or assertion 

contained in such a writing or instrument, and may assume that any person purporting to give any 

writing, notice, advice or instruction in connection with the provisions hereof has been duly 

authorized to do so. So long as the Association acts in good faith, the Association shall have no 

liability or obligation with respect to the exercise of Voting Interests, and no election shall be 

invalidated (in the absence of fraud) on the basis that the Association permitted or denied any 

In addition, the Board may impose additional 

person the right to exercise a Voting Interest. 

requirements respecting the exercise of Voting Interests (e.g., the execution of a Voting Certificate). 

3.2 Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of the members (the "Annual Members 

Meeting") shall be held at least once each calendar year on a date, at a time, and at a place to be 

determined by the Board. 

3 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 114 of 139 
 
9774 G2737 

OR BK 

Special Meetings of the Members. Special meetings of the members (a "Special 

3.3 

Members Meetino") may be called by a majority of the Board, or upon written request of thirty 

percent (30%) of the Voting Interests of the members. The business to be conducted at a Special 

Members Meeting shall be limited to the extent required by Florida Statutes. 

3.4 Notice of Members Meetings. Notice of each members meeting shall be given by, 

or at the direction of, any officer of the Board or any management company retained by the 

Association in any manner permitted by the Florida Statutes applicable to same. A copy of the 

notice shall be mailed to each member entitled to vote, postage prepaid, not less than fourteen (14) 

days before the meeting (provided, however, in the case of an emergency, two (2) days' notice will 

be deemed sufficient), unless otherwise required by Florida law. The notice shall be addressed to 

the member's address last appearing on the books of the Association. The notice shall specify the 

place, day, and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a Special Members Meeting, the purpose of 

the meeting. Alternatively, and to the extent not prohibited by the Florida Statutes, the Board may 

adopt from time to time, other procedures for giving notice to the members of the Annual Members 

Meeting or a Special Members Meeting. By way of example, and not of limitation, such notice 

may be included in a newsletter sent to each member. 

3.5 Quorum of Members. Until the Turnover, a quorum shall be established by 

Declarant's presence, in person or by proxy, at any meeting. From and after the Turnover, a 

quorum for purposes of conducting business shall be established by the presence, in person or by 

proxy, of the members entitled to cast ten percent (10%) of the total Voting Interests, subject to 

reduction as provided in Section 3.6 below. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, 

in the event that technology permits members to participate in member meetings and vote on 

matters electronically, then the Board shall have authority, without the joinder of any other party, 

to revise this provision to establish appropriate quorum requirements. 

3.6 Ad'ournment of Members Meetin s. If, however, a quorum shall not be present at 

any members meeting, the meeting may be adjourned as provided in the Florida Statutes. In the 

absence of a provision in the Florida Statutes, the members present shall have power to adjourn 

the meeting and reschedule it on another date. If any such meeting is adjourned and rescheduled 

for failure to meet quorum requirements, the quorum requirement for the rescheduled meeting 

shall be one-half (1/2) of the quorum requirement for the adjourned meeting. 

3.7 Action of Members. Decisions that require a vote of the members must be made 

by a concurrence of a majority of the Voting Interests present in person or by proxy, represented at 

a meeting at which a quorum has been obtained unless provided otherwise in the Declaration, the 

Articles, or these Bylaws. 

Proxies. At all meetings, members may vote their Voting Interests in person or by 

3.8 

proxy. All proxies shall comply with the provisions of Section 720.306(8), Florida Statutes, as 

amended from time to time, be in writing, and be filed with the Secretary at, or prior to, the 

meeting. Every proxy shall be revocable prior to the meeting for which it is given. 

Page 115 of 139 

4. 

Board of Directors. 

4 

003881 1 1 786.v7 
 
9774 G2738 

OR BK 

4.1 Number. The affairs of the Association shall be managed by a Board consisting of 

no less than three (3) persons and no more than five (5) persons. Board members appointed by 

Declarant or Founder need not be members of the Association. Board members elected by Owners 

must be members of the Association. 

Pre-Turnover Director. Pursuant to Section 720.307(2), Florida Statutes Owners 

are entitled to elect one (l) member of the Board (the "Pre-Turnover Director") when fifty 

percent (50%) of all the Lots ultimately planned for DEL WEBB BEXLEY are conveyed to 

Owners. If no Owners are willing to serve as a Pre-Turnover Director, a replacement Director 

shall be selected pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof to serve until the next Annual Members Meeting, 

at which time nominations will again be solicited for a Pre-Turnover Director to be elected in 

conjunction with the Annual Members Meeting. The term of the Pre- Turnover Director shall 

expire at the second (2nd) Annual Members Meeting after the election of the Pre-Turnover Director. 

4.3 Term of Office. The term of office for the Pre-Turnover Director shall end on the 

Turnover Date. Except with respect to the Pre-Turnover Director, the election of Directors shall 

take place after Declarant no longer has the authority to appoint a majority Board and shall take 

place on the Turnover Date. On the Turnover Date the members shall elect three (3) Directors: 

one (1) Director for a term of one (l) year, one (1) Director for a term two (2) years, and one (1) 

Director for a term of three (3) years. The candidate receiving the most votes shall serve as the 

Director for three (3) years; the candidate receiving the second highest number of votes shall serve 

as Director for two (2) years; and the candidate receiving the least amount of votes shall serve as 

Director for one (l) year. At each Annual Members Meeting thereafter, the members shall elect 

the appropriate number of Directors for a term of three (3) years. Each Director's respective term 

shall end upon the election of new Directors at the Annual Members Meeting (except that the term 

of any Director appointed by Declarant shall extend until the date designated by Declarant, or until 

the Turnover Date). 

4.4 Removal. Any vacancy created by the resignation or removal of a Board member 

appointed by Declarant may be replaced by Declarant. Declarant may replace or remove any 

Board member appointed by Declarant in Declarant's sole and absolute discretion. In the event of 

death or resignation of a Director elected by the members, the remaining Directors may fill such 

vacancy. Directors may be removed with or without cause by the vote or agreement in writing of 

members holding a majority of the Voting Interests. 

4.5 Compensation. No Director shall receive compensation for any service rendered 

as a Director to the Association; provided, however, any Director tnay be l'eimbursed for actual 

expenses incurred as a Director. 

4.6 Action Taken Without a Meeting. Except to the extent prohibited by law, the Board 

shall have the right to take any action without a meeting by obtaining the written approval of the 

required number of Directors. Any action so approved shall have the satne effect as though taken 

at a meeting of Directors. 

4.7 Appointment and Election of Directors. Until the Turnover, the Declarant shall 

have the unrestricted power to appoint a mqjority of the Directors of the Association, subject, 

however, to the option of the Founder to appoint one (l) Director of the Association until such 

5 

003881 1 

Page 116 of 139 
 
9774 G2739 

OR BK 

time as Declarant has purchased all of the Additional Property from Founder pursuant to the 

Declarant Purchase Contract pursuant to Section 28.5 of the Declaration. From and after the 

Turnover, or such earlier date determined by Declarant in its sole and absolute discretion, the 

members shall elect all Directors of the Association at or in conjunction with the Annual Members 

Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after Turnover, for so long as Declarant holds 

at least five percent (5%) of the total number of Lots planned for DEL WEBB BEXLEY out for 

sale, Declarant, at Declarant's sole option, may elect one (l ) member of the Board, which may be 

designated by the Founder pursuant to Section 28.5 of the Declaration. Nothing herein shall 

require Declarant to elect or place any members on the Board after Turnover. 

4.8 Election. Election to the Board shall be by secret written ballot, unless unanimously 

waived by all members present. The persons receiving the most votes shall be elected. Cumulative 

voting is not permitted. 

Page 117 of 139 

5. 

Meeting of Directors. 

5.1 Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held on a schedule 

adopted by the Board from time to time. Meetings shall be held at such place and hour as may be 

fixed, from time to time, by resolution of the Board. 

Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board shall be held when called by the 

5.2 

President, or by any two (2) Directors. Each Director shall be given not less than two (2) days' 

notice except in the event of an emergency. Notice may be waived. Attendance shall be a waiver 

of notice. Telephone conference meetings are permitted. 

5.3 Emergencies. In the event of an emergency involving immediate danger of injury 

or death to any person or damage to property, if a meeting of the Board cannot be immediately 

convened to determine a course of action, the President or, in his absence, any other officer or 

director, shall be authorized to take such action on behalf of the Association as shall be reasonably 

required to appropriately respond to the emergency situation, including the expenditure of the 

Association funds in the minimum amount as may be reasonably required under the circumstances. 

The authority of officers to act in accordance herewith shall remain in effect until the first to occur 

of the resolution of the emergency situation or a meeting of the Board convened to act in response 

thereto. 

5.4 Quorum. A majority of the number of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the 

transaction of business. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the Directors present 

at a duly held meeting, at which a quorum is present, or in writing in lieu thereof, shall be action 

of the Board. Directors may attend meetings telephonically. When some or all Directors meet by 

telephone conference, those Directors attending by telephone conference shall be counted toward 

obtaining a quorum and may vote by telephone. A telephone speaker shall be utilized at the noticed 

location of the meeting so that the conversation of those Directors may be heard by the Board, as 

well as any member present at the meeting. Members may not attend Board meetings 

telephonically. 

5.5 Open Meetings. Meetings of the Board shall be open to all members except that 

meetings between the Board or a committee established by the Board and the Association's 

6 

003881 1 1 786.v7 
 
9774 G2740 

OR BK 

attorney to discuss proposed or pending litigation or meetings of the Board held for the purpose of 

discussing personnel Inatters are not required to be open to members other than the Directors. 

5.6 Voting. Board members shall cast votes in the manner provided in the Florida 

Statutes. In the absence of a statutory provision, the Board shall establish the manner in which 

votes shall be cast. 

5.7 Notice of Board Meetings. Notices of meetings of the Board shall be posted in a 

conspicuous place on the Common Areas at least 48 hours in advance, except in an event of an 

emergency. Alternatively, notice may be given to members in any other manner provided by 

Florida Statute. By way of example, and not of limitation, notice may be given in any newsletter 

distributed to the members. For the purposes of giving notice, the area for notices to be posted 

selected by the Board shall be deemed a conspicuous place. Notwithstanding anything to the 

contrary herein, notice of any meeting of the Board at which an Assessment will be levied must be 

provided to all members at least fourteen (14) days before the meeting, which notice shall include 

a statement that Assessments will be considered at the meeting and the nature of the Assessments. 

Page 118 of 139 

6. 

Powers and Duties of the Board. 

Powers. The Board shall, subject to the limitations and reservations set forth in the 

6.1 

Declaration and Articles, have the powers reasonably necessary to manage, operate, maintain and 

discharge the duties of the Association, including, but not limited to, the power to cause 

Association to do the following: 

1.1. General. Exercise all powers, duties and authority vested in or delegated to 

the Association by law and in these Bylaws, the Articles, and the Declaration, including without 

limitation, adopt budgets, levy Assessments, enter into contracts with Telecommunications 

Providers for Telecommunications Services. 

I .2. Rules and Regulations. Adopt, publish, promulgate and enforce rules and 

regulations governing the use of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by the members, tenants and their guests 

and invitees, and to establish penalties and/or fines for the infraction thereof subject only to the 

requirements of the Florida Statutes, if any. 

I .3. Enforcement. Suspend the right of use of the Common Areas (other than 

for vehicular and pedestrian ingress and egress and for utilities) of a member during any period in 

which such member shall be in default in the payment of any Assessment or charge levied, or 

collected, by the Association. 

I .4. Declare Vacancies. Declare the office of a member of the Board to be vacant 

in the event such member shall be absent from three (3) consecutive regular Board meetings. 

I . 5. Hire Employees. Employ, on behalf of the Association, managers, 

independent contractors, or such other employees as it deems necessary, to prescribe their duties 

and delegate to such Inanager, contractor, etc., any or all of the duties and functions of the 

Association and/or its officers. 

7 

00.3881 1 74366\3431 786.v7 
 
9774 G2741 

OR BK 

I .6. Common Areas. Acquire, sell, operate, lease, manage and otherwise trade 

and deal with property, real and personal, including the Common Areas, as provided in the 

Declaration, and with any other matters involving the Association or its members, on behalf of the 

Association or the discharge of its duties, as may be necessary or convenient for the operation and 

management of the Association and in accomplishing the purposes set forth in the Declaration. 

I .7. Granting of Interest. Grant licenses, easements, permits, leases, or 

privileges to any individual or entity, which affect Common Areas and to alter, add to, relocate or 

improve the Common Areas as provided in the Declaration. 

Financial Reports. Prepare all financial reports required by the Florida 

1.8. 

Statutes. 

6.2 Vote. The Board shall exercise all powers so granted, except where the Declaration, 

Articles or these Bylaws specifically require a vote of the members. 

6.3 Limitations. Until the Turnover, Declarant shall have and is hereby granted a right 

to disapprove or veto any such action, policy, or program proposed or authorized by the 

Association, the Board, the ARC, any committee of the Association, or the vote of the members. 

This right may be exercised by Declarant at any time within sixty (60) days following a meeting 

held pursuant to the terms and provisions hereof. This right to disapprove may be used to veto 

proposed actions but shall not extend to the requiring of any action or counteraction on behalf of 

the Association, the Board, the ARC or any committee of the Association. 

6.4 Elected Director Certification. 

4.1. Within 90 days after being elected or appointed to the Board, each Director 

shall certify in writing to the Secretary of the Association that he or she has read the Association's 

declaration of covenants, articles of incorporation, bylaws, and current written rules and policies; 

that he or she will work to uphold such documents and policies to the best of his or her ability; and 

that he or she will faithfully discharge his or her fiduciary responsibility to the Association's 

members. Within 90 days after being elected or appointed to the Board, in lieu of such written 

certification, the newly elected or appointed Director may submit a certificate of having 

satisfactorily completed the educational curriculum administered by an education provider 

approved by the Division of Florida Condominiums, Timeshares and Mobile homes in the 

Department of Business and Professional Regulations within I year before or 90 days after the 

date of election or appointment. 

4.2. The written certification or educational certificate provided pursuant to 

Section 6.4. I hereof shall be valid for the uninterrupted tenure of the Director on the Board. A 

Director who does not timely file the written certification or educational certificate shall be 

suspended from the Board until he or she complies with the requirement. The Board may 

temporarily fill the vacancy during the period of suspension. 

4.3. The Association shall retain each Director's written certification or 

educational certificate for inspection by the members for 5 years after the Director's election. 

However, the failure to have the written certification or educational certificate on file does not 

affect the validity of any Board action. 

8 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 119 of 139 
 
9774 G2742 

OR BK 

Obligations of the Association. Association, subject to the provisions of the Declaration, 

Articles, and these Bylaws shall discharge such duties as necessary to operate the Association 

pursuant to the Declaration, including, but not limited to, the following: 

7.1 Official Records. Maintain and make available all Official Records; 

Supervision. Supervise all officers, agents and employees of the Association, and 

7.2 

to see that their duties are properly performed; 

7.3 Assessments and Fines. Fix and collect the amount of the Assessments and fines; 

take all necessary legal action; and pay, or cause to be paid, all obligations of the Association or 

where the Association has agreed to do so, of the members; and 

7.4 Enforcement. Enforce the provisions of the Declaration, Articles, these Bylaws, 

and Rules and Regulations. 

Page 120 of 139 

8. 

Officers and Their Duties. 

8.1 Officers. The officers of this Association shall be a President, a Vice President, a 

Secretary, and a Treasurer. 

8.2 Election of Officers. After the Turnover, and except as set forth below, the election 

of officers shall be by the Board and shall take place at the first meeting of the Board following 

each Annual Members Meeting. 

8.3 Term. The officers named in the Articles shall serve until their replacement by the 

Board. The officers of the Association shall hold office until their successors are appointed or 

elected unless such officer shall sooner resign, be removed, or otherwise disqualified to serve. 

Special Appointment. The Board may elect such other officers as the affairs of the 

8.4 

Association may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and 

perform such duties as the Board may, from time to time, determine. 

8.5 Resignation and Removal. Any officer may be removed from office, with or 

without cause, by the Board. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the 

Board. Such resignation shall take effect on the date of receipt of such notice or at any later time 

specified therein. Acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

8.6 Vacancies. A vacancy in any office shall be filled by appointment by the Board. 

The officer appointed to such vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of the replaced 

officer. 

8.7 Multiple Offices. The office of President and Vice-President shall not be held by 

the same person. All other offices may be held by the same person. 

8.8 Duties. The duties of the officers are as follows: 

9 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 
 
9774 G2743 

OR BK 

President. The President shall preside at all meetings of the Association and 

8.1. 

Board, sign all leases, mortgages, deeds and other written instruments and perform such other 

duties as may be required by the Board. The President shall be a member of the Board. 

8.2. Vice President. The Vice President shall act in the place and stead of the 

President in the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the President, and perform such 

other duties as may be required by the Board. 

Secretar . The Secretary shall record the votes and keep the Minutes of all 

8.3. 

meetings and proceedings of the Association and the Board; keep the corporate seal of the 

Association and affix it on all papers required to be sealed; serve notice of meetings of the Board 

and of the Association; keep appropriate current records showing the names of the members of the 

Association together with their addresses; and perform such other duties as required by the Board. 

8.4. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall cause to be received and deposited in 

appropriate bank accounts all monies of the Association and shall disburse such funds as directed 

by the Board; sign, or cause to be signed, all checks, and promissory notes of the Association; 

cause to be kept proper books of account and accounting records required pursuant to the 

provisions of Section 720.303 of the Florida Statutes cause to be prepared in accordance with 

generally accepted accounting principles all financial reports required by the Florida Statutes; and 

perform such other duties as required by the Board. 

Page 121 of 139 

9. 

Committees. 

9.1 General. The Board may appoint such committees as deemed appropriate. The 

Board may fill any vacancies on all committees. 

9.2 ARC. Declarant shall have the sole right to appoint the members of the ARC until 

the Community Completion Date. Upon expiration of the right of Declarant to appoint members 

of the ARC, the Board shall appoint the members of the ARC. As provided under the Declaration, 

the Association shall have the authority and standing to seek enforcement in courts of competent 

jurisdiction any decisions of the ARC. 

10. Records. The official records of the Association shall be available for inspection by any 

member at the principal office of the Association. Copies may be purchased, by a member, at a 

reasonable cost. 

11. 

12. 

Corporate Seal. Association shall have an impression seal in circular form. 

Amendments. 

12.1 General Restrictions on Amendments. Notwithstanding any other provision herein 

to the contrary, no amendment to these Bylaws shall affect the rights of Declarant unless such 

amendment receives the prior written consent of Declarant which may be withheld for any reason 

whatsoever. If the prior written approval of any governmental entity or agency having jurisdiction 

is required by applicable law or governmental regulation for any amendment to these Bylaws, then 

the prior written consent of such entity or agency must also be obtained. No amendment shall be 

effective until it is recorded in the Public Records. 

10 

003881 74366\.3431786.v7 
 
9774 

OR BK 

G 2744 

Page 122 of 139 

12.2 Amendments Prior to the Turnover. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant shall have the 

right to amend these Bylaws as it deems appropriate, without the joinder or consent of any person 

or entity whatsoever, except as limited by applicable law. Declarant's right to amend under this 

provision is to be construed as broadly as possible. In the event the Association shall desire to 

amend these Bylaws prior to the Turnover, the Association must first obtain Declarant's prior 

written consent to any proposed amendment. An amendment identical to that approved by 

Declarant may be adopted by the Association pursuant to the requirements for amendments from 

and after the Turnover. Thereafter, Declarant shall join in such identical amendment so that its 

consent to the same will be reflected in the Public Records. 

12.3 Amendments From and After the Turnover. After the Turnover, but subject to the 

general restrictions on amendments set forth above, these Bylaws may be amended with the 

approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly called meeting of the members. Notwithstanding the 

foregoing, these Bylaws may be amended after the Turnover by a majority of the Board acting 

alone to change the number of directors on the Board and their respective terms. Such change 

shall not require the approval of the members. Any change in the number of directors shall not 

take effect until the next Annual Members Meeting. 

12.4 Compliance with HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA and SWFWMD. Prior to the 

Turnover, the Declarant shall have the right to amend these Bylaws, from time to time, to make 

such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested or required by 

HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD, or any other governmental agency or body as a 

condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements or agreement 

to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by mortgages on 

Lots. No approval or joinder of the Association, other Owners, or any other party shall be required 

or necessary to such amendment. After the Turnover Date, but subject to the general restrictions 

on amendments set forth above, the Board shall have the right to amend these Bylaws, from time 

to time, to make such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested 

or required by HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD or any other governmental agency 

or body as a condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements 

or agreement to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by 

mortgages on Lots. No approval or joinder of the Owners, or any other party, shall be required or 

necessary to any such amendments by the Board. 

Conflict. In the case of any conflict between the Articles and these Bylaws, the Articles 

13. 

shall control. In the case of any conflict between the Declaration and these Bylaws, the Declaration 

shall control. 

Fiscal Year. The first fiscal year shall begin on the date of incorporation and end on 

14. 

December 31 of that year. Thereafter, the fiscal year of the Association shall begin on the first day 

of January and end on the 3 1 st day of December of every year. 

15. Miscellaneous. 

11 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
 
9774 G2745 

OR BK 

15.1 Whenever these Bylaws refers to the Florida Statutes, it shall be 

deemed to refer to the Florida Statutes as they exist on the date these Bylaws are recorded except 

to the extent provided otherwise as to any particular provision of the Florida Statutes. 

15,2 Severability. Invalidation of any of the provisions of these Bylaws by judgment or 

court order shall in no way affect any other provision, and the remainder of these Bylaws shall 

remain in full force and effect. 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Brady Lefere, do hereby certify that: 

1 am the duly elected and acting President of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

Page 123 of 139 

ASSOCIATION, INC, a Florida corporation not for profit; and, 

THAT the foregoing Bylaws constitute the original Bylaws of said Associa 

ad ted at meeting of the Board of Directors thereof, held on the 

2018. 

as duly 

day of 

IN WITNESS I hav hereunt subscribed my name and affixed the seal of 

day of u}. 

2018. 

said Association this 

ere, Preside 

RPORATE SEAL) 

12 

0038811 

