9815 PG3107 

2018189858 

OR BK 

1 of10 

11/08/2018 04:38PM Rcpt20D5DD0 Rec. 8550 OS: 0.00 IT: COO 

'I'aura s. O'Neil,- Th.'LJ„ Pasco County CTcrk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

— -SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESER VED FOR RECORDING DATA— 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(PECLARING ADDITION AL EASEMENTS) 

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL 

WEBB BEXI Y (DECLARING ADDITIONAL EASEMENTS) (the "First Amendment") 

is made as of 

, 2018, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan 

limited liability company au orized to transact business in the State of Florida (the 

"Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 

INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP-BFXLEY, LLC, a 

Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into 

that certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623 of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 

"Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as 

defined in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, 

without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by 

applicable law as it exists on the original date Of recording Of the Declaration or as otherwise 

expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 Of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording Of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this First Amendment to 

(i) amend and restate multiple provisions of the Declaration to provide that terms and provisions 
 
9815 

OR BK 

G3108 

Pne 2 Of 10 

Of the Declaration which applied to "Pool Enclosures" and "Pool Landscaping" in the original 

recorded version of the Declaration shall apply to "PooVPatio Enclosures" and "PooVPatio 

Enclosure Landscaping" as those terms are defined in amended and restated Section 10.2.2 of the 

Declaration set forth hereinbelow, (ii) amend and restate Section 10.12 of the Declaration to 

confirm that maintenance, repair and replacement of sidewalks located on a Lot or within 

Common Areas shall be the responsibility of the Association, subject to the Lot Owner's 

obligation to reimburse the Association for damages to such sidewalks caused by the negligent or 

willful acts of such Owner, their Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees, (iii) 

amend and restate Section 10.10 of the Declaration to provide that the Association or CDD, as 

applicable, shall maintain the interior of any Perimeter Walls/Fences or portions thereof located 

on any Owner's Lot and (iv) amend and restate Section 12.4.3 of the Declaration to clarify the 

vehicles which are prohibited in DEL WEBB BEXLEY; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this First Amendment for 

the purpose of adding Section 15.12 declaring and granting the Additional Perimeter Wall/Fencc 

Easements (as that term is defined below) over portions of certain Lots and Common Area Tracts 

Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, all as more particularly set forth herein below; 

WHEREAS, Section 21.7 of the Declaration provides that, until the Community 

Completion Date, Declarant reserves the exclusive right to grant, in its sole discretion, 

easements, permits and/or licenses for ingress and egress, drainage, utilities, maintenance, 

Telecommunications Services and other purposes over, under, upon and across DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY so long as any said easements do not materially and adversely interfere with the 

intended use of Homes previously conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this First Amendment, Declarant and the 

Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all of the Lots and Common Area Tracts 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this First Amendment to confirm its 

approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this First Amendment to confirm its approval of 

and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this First Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the 

Association and Founder join in and consent to this First Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 

incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall 

have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

Addition of Amended and Restated Sections 10.2.2. 10.2.3. 10.4. 10.10. 10.12. 

2. 

11.8.2.1. 12.4.3. 12.14. 12.21 and 12.31. Sections 10.2.2, 10.2.3, 10.4, 10.10, 10.12, 11.8.2.1, 

12.14, 12.21 and 12.31 are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows 

(additions underlined and deletions identified by strike-through): 

2 
 
9815 

OR BK 

G3109 

3 of 10 

maintenance (including, mowing, fertilizing, watering, mulching, pruning, 

and replacing as deemed necessary by the Association in its sole discretion, and 

controlling disease and insects), of all lawns and landscaping installed on the Lots as part 

of the initial construction on the Lots, specifically excluding landscaping located within 

any fenced in or enclosed area containing a pool or screened in patio installed on the Int 

by Declarant in connection with the initial construction of a hHome or by any Owner 

with ARC approval (each a "PooVPatio Enclosure" and such landscaping "PooVPatio 

Enclosure Landscaping"). Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping must be approved by the 

ARC and shall be irrigated and maintained by the Lot Owner at their sole cost and 

expense; 

10.2.3 No Owner or Lessee shall install any additional landscaping, including 

flowers, trees or shrubs, on any Lot after completion of initial construction on any Lot 

without obtaining ARC approval of same. Any such landscaping installed by an Owner 

(including prior Owners) on any Lot (the 'Owner Installed Landscaping"), regardless 

of whether such Owner Installed Landscaping is permitted pursuant to this Section 10.2, 

shall be the responsibility of the Owner and not the responsibility of the Association. The 

Association may, but shall not be obligated to, irrigate, fertilize, spray for insects, mulch, 

trim or prune Owner Installed Landscaping, with the additional cost of same to be an 

additional Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot. The Association may also 

elect to discontinue irrigation and maintenance of Owner Installed Landscaping at any 

time in its sole discretion. In no event shall the Association be responsible to maintain 

Pool/Pati0 Enclosure Landscaping. Any (i) Owner Installed Landscaping installed or 

maintained on any Lot and (ii) any Association irrigation or maintenance Of any Owner 

Installed Landscaping on any Lot shall be at such Lot Owner's sole expense and risk. 

The Association shall not be responsible for damage to, or obligated to replace any, 

Owner Installed Landscaping Or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping under any 

circumstances. Nothing herein shall be deemed to authorize the installation of Owner 

Installed Landscaping, Pool/_E4LiQ Enclosures or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping on 

any Lot by any Owner without ARC approval Of same, which can be withheld in the 

ARC's sole discretion. 

10.4 Landscape Maintenance. The Association shall maintain all landscaping 

within any "'Landscape Easement" "Landscape/Wall Tract" Or Other ponion of any Lot or 

Tract (a) dedicated to the Association for landscape purposes ("Landscape Tract") or (b) 

subject to a landscaping easement in favor of the Association (a "Landscape Easement") 

as designated on the Plat or by separate recorded easement. The Association may also 

irrigate and maintain landscaping within any CDD Tract and maintain, repair and replace 

any portion of the Perimeter Wall/Fence within any CDD Tract pursuant to a separate 

maintenance agreement with the CDD, and all cost of same shall be an Operating 

Expense. No Owner or Lessee shall install, remove, maintain, modify, disturb or alter 

any landscaping installed within any Landscape Easement. Except as otherwise provided 

in this Declaration, the Association shall have no responsibility for the maintenance of 

landscaped areas within any Lot, including without limitation, any Owner Installed 

Landscaping or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping. Except as provided in this 

Declaration or to the extent expressly assumed by the Association or CDD, the record 

title owner of each such Lot shall be responsible for the repair, replacement and 

3 
 
9815 

OR BK 

G3110 

4 of I O 

maintenance of the irrigation and all landscaped areas and other improvements within any 

portion Of the Lot, including, without limitation, maintenance Of the elevation, grade and 

slope of the Lot, maintenance of the ponion of the SWMS located on the and 

repairing any damage to sidewalks, utilities or the SWMS lesulting from any trees or 

landscaping on the Lot. 

10.10 Perimeter Walls and Fences. The Declarant or CDD may install perimetef 

walls or fences, including a retaining wall, w-iå-i-H 

any Lot. Common Area or CDD Tract !the "Perimeter Walls/Fenees"l within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY including within any fence or wall 

Common-4Xrea-0E-any-CDD—Trac0 as set forth on the Plat or created pursuant to this 

Declaration or by separate usernent instrument Or maintenance agreement with respect to 

same (the "Perimeter WalVFence Easement"i. To the extent any Perimeter Wall,'Fence 

is insealled on or within five (5) feet of any LOL a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement is 

herebv created over anv portion of anv Lot that contains such Perimeter Wall/Fence or is 

within five (5) feet or such Perimeter Wall/Fcnce. The Association or CDD, as 

applicable, at all times shall have the right to maintain, repalr, replace any Perimeter 

Walls/Fences within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including Perimeter Walls/Fences located 

On Lots, Common Areæs or on any CDD Tract; 

To the extent permitted as part of a Pool/Patio Enclosure, Owners may install walls or 

fences on their Lot which abut perpendicularly (or at such other angle consistent with the 

angle of intersection of the lot lines of such Owner's Lot with the Perimeter Wall/Fence) 

against any Perimeter Walls,'Fences, but no such wall or fence or any other improvements 

installed by any Owner may be affixed or attached to any Perimeter Walls/Fences or 

otherwise located within a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement. In addition, no Owner may 

install or permit to grow any trees, shrubs or landscaping Other than sod within any 

Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement or within five (5) feet of any Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

The Association, or CDD, as applicable, may perform (and is hereby granted an easement 

Of ingress and egress and temporary construction over all Lots as reasonably necessary to 

perform) any such maintenance, repairs or replacement of the Perimeter Walls/Fences at 

their discretion and the costs of any such maintenance, repairs or replacement by the 

Association shall be Operating Expenses. Failure Of the Association or CDD, as 

applicable, to undertake any such maintenance, replacement or repair of the Perimeter 

Walls/Fences shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so thereafter. 

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, the Declarant neither 

commits to, nor shall hereby be obligated to, construct such Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

10.12 Sidewalks. The Association shall be responsible for the maintenance and 

repair of all sidewalks within DEL WEBB BEXLEY located in the Common Areas or on 

any Lot; however, each Owner agrees to reimburse the Association any expense incurred 

in repairing any damage to such sidewalk in the event that the negligent or willful acts of 

such Owner, their Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees caused such 

damage to any sidewalk area. Failure Of an Owner to reimburse the Association any 

costs necessitated by such negligent or willful acts shall subject the Owner to an 

Individual Assessment for such costs. Maintenance, repair and replacement of sidewalks 

4 

0038811 k' 
 
9815 

OR BK 

G3111 

p * 5 Of I 

walkways other than sidewalks located on any Lot, including walkways from the 

driveway to the Home, shall be the responsibility Of the Lot Owner. 

No Owner shall allow sprinklers installed or operated by 

11.8.2.1 

such Owner with respect to Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping to spray or other 

water sources owned or operated by such Owner or their Lessee to deliver water 

within one foot (l') Of any Party Wall, excluding rainfall that falls directly on 

such area (i.e. an Owner or Lessee shall not collect rainfall from other portions of 

the Lot and deliver it within one foot (1 ') of any Party Wall); 

12.4.3 Prohibited Vehicles. No commercial vehicle, limousine, recreational 

vehicle, boat, trailer, including without limitation, boat trailers, house trailers, mobile 

homes, and trailers of every other type, kind or description, or camper, may be kept 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

except in the garage of a Home. The term '*commercial vehicle" 

shall not be deemed to include law enforcement vehicles or recreational or sport utility 

vehicles (i.e., Broncos, Blazers, Explorers, Navigators, etc.) Or clean "non-working" 

vehicles such as pick-up trucks, vans, or cars if they are used by the Owner on a daily 

basis for normal transportation; provided, however, vehicles with ladders, racks, and 

hooks attached to such vehicles shall be "commercial vehicles" prohibited by this 

Section. No vehicles displaying commercial advertising 

42-473 shall be parked within the public view. 

Vehicles with commercial 

advertising must be parked in the garage of a 

Home. No vehicles bearing a "for sale" sign shall be parked within the public view 

anywhere within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. For any Owner who drives an automobile 

issued by the County or other governmental entity (i.e., police cars), such automobile 

shall not be deemed to be a commercial vehicle and may be parked in the garage or 

driveway of the Lot. No vehicle shall be used as a domicile or residence either 

temporarily or permanently. No all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), goW-eaNs; scooters or mini 

motorcycles are permitted at any time on any private streets, roadways, sidewalks or 

other paved surfaces forming a part of the Common Areas. Golf Carts are permitted 

within the private streets and roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, but must comply with 

and be operated, maintained, repaired, stored and parked in accordance with all 

applicable Rules and Regulations regulating same. Additionally no ATV or mini 

motorcycle may be parked or stored within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including any Lot, 

except in the garage of a Home. 

12.14 Fences/Walls/Screens. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed on 

any Lot other than Perimeter Walls/Fences and Pool/Patio Enclosures installed by 

Declarant in connection with the original construction of the Home or by an Owner with 

ARC approval. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed by any Owner of a Lot 

within any Conservation Easement Property, including upland buffer areas, or any 

Perimeter Buffer Easement. NO chain link or wooden fencing Of any kind shall be 

5 
 
9815 

OR BK 

G3112 

p * 6 Of I 

allowed, and unless othervvise approved by Declarant (or the Association following the 

Turnover Date). Fences, to the extent permitted by this Section 12.14, shall not be 

installed flush to the ground so that drainage will be blocked in any way. All such fences 

must be in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. Due to the CDD's maintenance 

requirements and responsibilities, the installation of such fences within a drainage 

easement area is not expected to be approved by the ARC. However, in the event a fence 

is installed within a drainage easement area, with or without prior written ARC approval, 

the Owner is solely responsible for fence repair or replacement if the drainage easement 

area needs to be accessed for repairs or maintenance. As a condition to ARC approval of 

any fences in drainage easement areas, the ARC may require the Owner to obtain, at his 

or her own cost and expense, an agreement in writing executed by the CDD approving 

such fence, which agreement may be recorded in the Public Records by the Association 

in its sole and absolute discretion. All seæeft-ing—ahd-seseened Pool/Patio eEnclosures 

shall have the prior written approval Of the ARC and shall be in compliance with the 

Architectural Guidelines. All enclosures of balconies-or-patios; including addition of 

vinyl windows, shall be approved by the ARC and all decks shall have the pnor written 

approval of the ARC. 

12.21 Water Body Slopes. The rear yard of some Lots may border wet retention 

areas or lakes or water bodies forming part of the CDD Facilities or part Of the SWMS. 

The CDD will regulate and maintain the water body slopes and banks for such wet 

retention areas, lakes or water bodies located within such rear yards to prevent or restore 

erosion of slopes and banks due to drainage or roof culvert outfalls Or any Other reason. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Association, as part of the Landscaping and Irrigation 

Maintenance, Or the Owner Of such Lot, as part of maintaining and the Pool/Patio 

Enclosure Landscaping, shall maintain and irrigate sod and permitted landscaping within 

such water body slopes and banks located on such Owner's Lot to prevent erosion of 

same. In addition, the Owner of such Lot shall ensure that such water body banks and 

slopes remain free of any structural or landscape encroachments so as to permit vehicular 

access for maintenance when needed. Each record title owner of each Lot bordering on 

the water body, by the acceptance Of a deed to their Lot, hereby grants the CDD an 

easement of ingress and egress across his or her Lot to all adjacent water body areas for 

the purpose of ensuring compliance with the requirements of this Section. 

12.31 Swimming Pools. Hot Tubs and Spa-s. No above-ground pools shall be 

permitted on any Lot. Above-ground hot tubs and in-ground pools may be permitted 

within a Pool/Patio Enclosure with ARC approval. In-ground pools may also include an 

in-ground spa if same is approved by the ARC in its sole discretion. All in-ground pools, 

hot tubs and appurtenances installed on any Lot within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall 

require the prior written approval of the ARC as set forth in this Declaration. The design 

must incorporate, at a minimum, the following: (i) the composition of the material must 

be thoroughly tested and accepted by the industry for such construction; (ii) any 

swimming pool or swimming pool/spa combination constructed on any Lot shall have an 

elevation at the top of the pool and spa (as applicable) of not over two feet (2') above the 

natural grade unless approved by the ARC; (iii) swimming pools, hot tubs and spas must 

be installed within a Pool/Patio Enclosure Of a design, color and material approved by the 

ARC and such enclosures shall be no higher than twelve feet (12') unless otherwise 

6 
 
9815 

OR BK 

G3113 

7 of 10 

approved by the ARC and shall in no event be higher than the roof line of the Home. 

Pool/Patio Enclosures shall not extend beyond the sides Of the Home without express 

approval by the ARC. All pools and spa (as applicable) shall be adequately maintained 

and chlorinated (or cleaned with similar treatment). No diving boards, slides, or platforms 

shall be permitted. Under no circumstances may chlorinated water be discharged onto 

Other Owners' lawns, the Common Areas, the community streets, or into any water 

bodies within DEL WEBB BEXLEY or adjoining properties. Nothing herein shall be 

construed to restrict or prohibit compliance with the minimum requirements for 

installation, operation and maintenance of fences or other bawiers constituting safety 

barriers around swimming pools, hot tubs, spas and appurtenances on a Lot as may be 

required by the Pasco County Code or other governmental regulation or law, subject to 

the approval and additional requirements of the ARC. 

3. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 

shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended 

by this First Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 

right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any ponion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Page] 

7 
 
9815 

OR BK 

G3114 

p * Of I 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this First Amendment to be executed 

as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print 

STATE OF FLORIP 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrument 

, 2018, by 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

Address: 2662 S. FalkenburgRd. 

Riverview, FL 33578 

0 ledged before 

day of 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf the 

company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

as identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SRE4NA 

"GG122a22 

Notary Pu ic Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

37b 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

8 
 
9815 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

G3115 

p * 9 Of I 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC„ a Florida not-for- 

profit corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the First Amendment 

to which this Joinder is attached, and the terms thereof are and shall be binding upon the 

Association and its successors and assigns. 

, IN WONESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this 

of 2018. 

WITNESSES: 

Pri 

ame 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Print Name: 

Title: 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

knpwledged be re me this day of 

of DEL WEBB 

not-for-profit corporation, on 

behalf of the corporation. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

as identification . 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA 

My #66122322 

JUL 

Bonded ttro$ StRte 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Flori 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

9 
 
9815 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

G3116 

100f10 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the 

Declaration), hereby joins in and consents to the First Amendment to which this Joinder is 

attached for the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this First Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence ofthe following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

Name: Aaron J. Baker 

Title: Vice President 

Print N ante: 

Print Name: 

Kirsten Lycett 

Lisa Budronis 

Address 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

STAT+ OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

"Ihe foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 1st day of November, 2018, 

by Aaron J. Baker as Vlce President of NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability 

company, on behalf of the company. He [ X ] She [ is personally known to me [ X ] or has 

as identification. 

produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

ARY SIGNATURE 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 

My Commission Expires: 

JUDITH ANNE JOSEPH 

Nota."/ Public, State ot Florida 

Commission No, GG 58484 

Commission Expires 12/27120 

10 

