10063 PG 446 

2020037050 

INSTR# 

OR BK 

03/03/2020 11:44AM Rcpt 2141026 Rec:61 OO OS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

——SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING DATA..- 

SIXTH AMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DE ARAI*ION FOR DEI. 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Sixth Amendment") is made as of 

2020, by 

PULITE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited iiability company a thorized to transact 

business in the state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 

and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ET H: 

WHEREAS. Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 

to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 

Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, Page 717, and as 

supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 

9929, Page 1953, and as supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and 

Fifth Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 26, 2020 in 

Official Records Book 10059, Page 2633, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida 

(collectively, the "Declaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Sixth Amendment, capitalized terms used 

herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 ofthe Declaration, prior to the 'Turnover' (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

0038811M 74366W431369v4 

I Of 7 
 
10063 

OR BK 

G 447 

page 2 of 7 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Sixth Amendment to 

(i) allow an Owner to install a temporary storage/moving container on such Owner's driveway in 

order to facilitate such Owner or their Lessee moving in or moving out of such Owner's Home 

subject to certain conditions as more particularly set forth hereinbelow, (ii) set forth procedures 

and requirements pursuant to which an Owner, with the approval of the ARC and at such Owner's 

sole cost and expense, may request that the Association replace Street Trees located in the 

Common Area Roadway Tracts (as such terms are defined below) adjacent to their Lots, all as 

more particularly set forth hereinbelow; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Sixth Amendment to confirm 

its approval of and consent to same; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Sixth Amendment to 

confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Sixth Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the Association 

and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Sixth Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein by 

reference. 

2. Ratification Of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

Amendment and Restatement of Section 12.36 Regarding Stori!ge. Section 

3. 

12.36 of the Declaration is hereby amended and restated to read as follows (additions are 

and deletions, if any, are 

S_gtagg. No temporary or permanent utility or storage shed, 

"12.36 

storage building, tent, or other structure or improvement shall be permitted and no 

other structure or improvement shall be constructed, erected, altered, modified or 

maintained. 

2 
 
10063 

OR BK 

G 448 

3 Of 7 

Owner install_a_ ternoorar.,• storage/moving container on such Qwner's 

drivewav. unless_ßii written notice to at 

nrior go the_prouosed date or install aEinn ot such temporarv_ 

cati n 

uch installati 

such exoresslv assumes and and save and 

bo!d harmless the Indemnified Parties from actions. iniuries_ 

amaøes. ur anv 

claims. 

in conqp$tinn with. as a result of or in anv wav relating Che 

removal such_lemoqrarv incltld.tnp_ 

to such Owner's 

dew 

Water softeners, trash containers, pool pumps, filters and equipment 

and other similar devices shall be properly screened from the street in a manner 

approved by the ARC." 

4. Addition of Section 10.15 Regarding Replacement Street frees. The following 

Section 10.15 is hereby added to the Declaration. 

10.15 Replacement Of Street Trees in Common Area Roadway Tracts Adjacent to 

Lots. As more particularly set forth in Section 10.5 above, all roadways within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY shall he private roadways located within Tracts that constitute Common Areas 

(each a All landscaping located in Common Area 

Roadway Tracts, including, without limitation, trees located between an Owner's Lot and 

the private roadway located within the Common Area Roadway Tract (each a "'Street 

Tree") are to be maintained by the Association as an Operating Expense. At the request of 

an Owner, and on compliance with the requirements set forth hereinbelow, the Association 

may replace one or more Street Trees adjoining an Owner's Lot with a Street Tree of a 

different type or species (each a No Street Tree may be 

removed and no Replacement Street Tree may be installed unless the Owner of the adjacent 

Lot complies with each of the foregoing requirements: 

Declarant Or the ARC may establish Architectural Guidelines for 

10.15.1 

Replacement Street Trees which may include, but shall not be limited to, requirements and 

limitations as to type, species, size, coloring, installation locations and such other 

requirements or criteria as the Declarant or ARC may determine in their sole discretion. If 

there are no Architectural Guidelines for Replacement Street Trees in effect, existing Street 

Trees may not be removed and Replacement Street Trees may not be installed. 

All requests for installation of Replacement Street Tree within the 

10.152 

Common Area Roadway Tract adjacent to an Owner 's Lot must be submitted by the Owner 

to the ARC, must be in writing, and must be on such forms and contain such information 

as required by the ARC. All requests for removal of Street Trees and installation of 

Replacement Street Trees will be reviewed by the ARC in accordance with Section 19 of 

the Declaration and this Section 10.15. The ARC may approve, approve with conditions 

3 

cm)3881n174366W431369v4 
 
10063 

OR BK 

G 449 

page 4 of 7 

or disapprove any request for removal Of Street Trees and installation or Replacement 

Street Trees in the ARC's sole and absolute discretion. 

If approved by the ARC, existing Street Trees shall be removed and 

10.15.3 

Replacement Street Trees shall be installed by a landscape contractor selected by the 

Association. No Owner, Lessee or any party other than the Association's landscape 

contractor may remove a Street Tree or install a Replacement Street Tree within any 

Common Area Roadw ay Tract. 

The Owner of the Lot who requested installation of the Replacement 

10.15.4 

Street Trees shall be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by the Association in 

removing the existing Street Trees and installing Replacement Street Trees. At the option 

of the Association, the Association may require that such Owner deposit funds with the 

Association (each a "Replacement Street Tree Deposit") to be applied by the Association 

against the costs and expenses of removing existing Street Trees and installing 

Replacement Street Trees. Any Replacement Street Tree Deposit required by the 

Association shall not be deemed a cap or limitation on the Owner's obligation to reimburse 

the Association for all costs and expenses incurred in removing the existing Street Trees 

and installing Replacement Street Trees as requested by the Owner. Any costs and 

expenses incurred by the Association in connection with such matters which are not paid 

by an Owner's Replacement Street Tree Deposit shall be collected by the Association 

through an Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot in accordance with Section 

17.2.6 hereinbelow. 

Neither the Association, the ARC nor the Declarant shall be deemed 

10.15.5 

to have made any warranties or representations regarding the size, growth, coloration, or 

any other aspect or feature of any Replacement Street Trees. Any depictions or information 

regarding Replacement Street Trees provided by the Manager, Association, ARC, 

Declarant or any landscaping contractor engaged by the Association to install Replacement 

Street Trees shall be for general information pulposes only and do not constitute a warranty 

or repæsentation regarding the Replacement Street Trees which will be installed in the 

Common Area Roadway Tracts adjacent to any Owner's Lot. No Owner or any other party 

shall have any right to require the Association to install a different Replacement Street Tree 

on such Owner's Lot or to make any claim or demand against the Association, the ARC, 

the Manager, Declarant or the landscape contractor installing the Replacement Street Tree 

in the event such Owner is dissatisfied with same. 

5. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended and restated, the 

Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as 

amended and restated by this Sixth Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 

all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and 

their respective heirs, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures On the Following Pages] 

4 

0038811 \17436619431369v4 
 
10063 

OR BK 

G 450 

5 Of 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Sixth Amendment to be executed 

as Of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Prin 

Print Name 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

Pr t Name: t 

Tide. 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

STATE OFFL R 

COUNTY OF 

day of 2020, by 

Gf PULTE hOME COMPANY, 

LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He/She (is personally 

as identifi 

k=ægle] or [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State o orida 

Commission NO.: 

My Commission Expires- 

5 
 
10063 

OR BK 

or ASSOCIATION 

6451 

6 Of 7 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Sixth Amendment to which 

this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof are and shall be 

binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

nay 

WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has executed this Join der on this 

of 

WITNESSES: 

Print 

print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporati on 

Print Name: 

Title: 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of 

ysical sence 

or online notarization, this ;mday Of 2020, by 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC , a Florida 

not-for-profit corporation. on behalf of the corporation. He/She [is personally known to me] or 

as identification 

[has produced 

[NOTARY SEALI 

09, 2021 

'st stare 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State f Fl "da 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

6 

6 z-ez,' 
 
10063 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

G 452 

7 Of 7 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

'Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Sixth Amendment to which this Joinder is attached for the 

purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval Of this Sixth Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLOR 

COUNTY OF 

Kirsten Lycett 

ludy Joseph 

ATV 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

Name: •r 

Address 777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

The foregoing instrument was acknowled before me by megns physical presence 

day of 

or online notarization, this 

2020, by 

as 

of NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a 

Florida limited liability company, on behalfofthecompany. He She [ I 

as identification. 

to me or [ ] has produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

0038811\17436619431369vi 

NOTARY SIGNATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 6 // 

My Commission Expires: 

7 

