850-617-6381 

srO 

VIE 

9774 2726 

OR BK 

Page 104 of 139 

8/9/2018 PM PAGE 

1/002 

Fax Server 

state of fl 

appurtmrnt of State 

I certify the attached is a true and correct copy 

of the Amended and 

Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed on August 8, 2018, for DEL WEBB 

a Florida corporation, as shown by the aro 

BEXLEY COWMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. , 

records of this office. 

V I further certify the document was electronically received under FAX audit 

This certificate is issued in accordance with 

H18000231277. 

V section 15. 16, Florida Statutes, and authenticated by the code noted below‰OB 

The document nutrber 

Authentication Code : 

GOD WE 

of this corporation is N 17000009665. 

518A00016442-080918-N17000009665-1/1 

Given under my hand and the 

Great Seal of the State of Florida, 

at Tallahassee, the Capital, this the 

Ninth day of August, 2018 

Stmt 

QVP 

VJ2 
†
9774 G2727 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION N0T FOR PROFIT) 

The Articles of Incorporation of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 

INC, a Florida not for profit corporation (the "Association"), were filed on September 26, 2017, 

and assigned Charter No. NI 7000009665. 

The Association's Articles of Incorporation shall be amended and restated in accordance 

with the Association's Articles of Incorporation and the provisions of Sections 617.1002 and 

617.1007 of the Florida Not For Profit Corporation Act. There are no members entitled to vote on 

the amendment. The amended and restated articles were adopted by the board of directors. 

Accordingly, the Articles of Incorporation are amended and restated in their entirety to read as 

follows: 

The name of the corporation is DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

1. 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida corporation not-for-profit (the "Association ) 

The principal office of the Association is 2662 S. Falkenburg Road, 

2. 

Riverview, FL 33578. 

Registered Office - Re istered A ent. The Association hereby appoints the Registered 

3. 

Agent to accept service of process within the State of Florida and to maintain all records relating 

to permitting actions by the Southwest Florida Water Management District ("SWF WMD"). The 

street address of the Registered Office of Association is 215 North Eola Drive, Orlando, FL 32801. 

The name of the Registered Agent of the Association is: 

JAMES G. KATTELMANN 

Definitions. The COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (the 

4, 

"l)eclaration") will be recorded in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, and shall govern 

all of the operations of a community to be known as DEL WEBB BEXLEY All initially 

capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Declaration. 

The Association is formed to: (a) provide for ownership, 

5. 

operation, maintenance and preservation of the Common Areas, and improvements thereon; (b) 

perform the duties delegated to it in the Declaration, Bylaws and these Articles; and (c) administer 

the interests of the Association and the Owners. 

Not for Profit. Association is a not for profit Florida corporation and does not contemplate 

6. 

Page 105 of 139 

pecuniary gain to, or profit for, its members. 

1 

003881 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2728 

OR BK 

H18000231277 3 

Powers of the Association. The Association shall, subject to the limitations and 

7. 

reservations set forth in the Declaration, have all the powers, privileges and duties reasonably 

necessary to discharge its obligations, including, but not limited to, the following: 

7.1 To perform all the duties and obligations of the Association set forth in the 

Governing Documents, including, without limitation, the Declaration and Bylaws, as herein 

provided; 

7.2 To enforce, by legal action or otherwise, the provisions of the Declaration and 

Bylaws and of all rules, regulations, covenants, restrictions and agreements governing or binding 

the Association and DEL WEBB BEXLEYï, 

7.3 To fix, levy, collect and enforce payment, by any lawful means, of all Assessments 

pursuant to the terms of the Declaration, these Articles and Bylaws. The Assessments levied by 

the Association shall be used for, among other things, the purpose of operating and maintaining 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and in particular, without limitation, for the improvement, repair and 

maintenance of the Common Areas, including without limitation the Surface Water Management 

System as well as any mitigation or preservation areas, including but not limited to work within 

retention areas, drainage structures and drainage easements, but only to the extent such 

responsibilities are not expressly dedicated to and discharged by the CDD; 

7.4 To pay all Operating Expenses, including, but not limited to, all licenses, taxes or 

governmental charges levied or imposed against the property of the Association; 

7.5 To acquire (by gift, purchase or otherwise), annex, own, hold, improve, build upon, 

operate, maintain, convey, grant rights and easements, sell, dedicate, lease, transfer or otherwise 

dispose of real or personal property (including the Common Areas) in connection with the 

functions of the Association except as limited by the Declaration; 

7.6 To borrow money, and (i) if prior to the Turnover Date, upon (a) the approval of a 

majority of the Board; and (b) the consent of Declarant, or (ii) from and after the Turnover Date, 

approval of (a) a majority of the Board; and (b) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of the members, mortgage, pledge, deed 

in trust, or hypothecate any or all of its real or personal property as security for money borrowed 

or debts incurred, including without limitation, the right to collateralize any such indebtedness 

with the Association's Assessment collection rights; 

7.7 To dedicate, grant, license, lease, concession, create easements upon, sell or transfer 

all or any part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY to any public agency, entity, authority, utility or other 

person or entity for such purposes and subject to such conditions as it determines and as provided 

in the Declaration; 

7.8 To participate in mergers and consolidations with other non-profit corporations 

organized for the same purposes; 

7.9 To adopt, publish, promulgate or enforce rules, regulations, covenants, restrictions 

or agreements governing the Association, DEL WEBB BEXLEY, the Common Areas, Lots, 

Page 106 of 139 

2 

003881 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2729 

OR BK 

Parcels and Homes as provided in the Declaration and to effectuate all of the purposes for which 

Association is organized; 

7.10 To have and exercise any and all powers, rights, and privileges which a corporation 

organized under Chapter 617 or Chapter 720, Florida Statutes by law may now or hereafter have 

or exercise, including, without limitation, the right to sue and be sued and appear and defend in all 

actions and proceedings in its corporate name to the same extent as a natural person; 

7.11 To employ personnel and retain independent contractors to contract for 

management of the Association, DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and the Common Areas as provided in the 

Declaration and to delegate in such contract all or any part of the powers and duties of the 

Association; 

7.12 To contract for services to be provided to, or for the benefit of, the Association, 

Owners, the Common Areas, and DEL WEBB BEXLEY as provided in the Declaration, such as, 

but not limited to, telecommunications services, maintenance, garbage pick-up, and utility 

services; 

7.13 To establish committees and delegate certain of its functions to those committees; 

7.14 To require all the Chmers to be members of the Association; 

7.15 In the event, and only in the event, same is not expressly dedicated to and 

discharged by the CDD, the Association shall operate, maintain and manage the Surface Water 

Management System(s) in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Permit and applicable 

SWF WMD rules, and shall assist in the enforcement of the restrictions and covenants contained 

therein; and 

7.16 To take any other action necessary in furtherance of the purposes for which the 

Association is organized. 

Voting Rights. Owners and Declarant shall have the voting rights set forth in the 

8. 

Declaration. 

Board of Directors. The affairs of the Association shall be managed by a Board of odd 

9. 

number with not less than three (3) or more than five (5) members. The initial number of Directors 

shall be three (3). Board members shall be appointed and/or elected as stated in the Bylaws. After 

the Turnover Date, the election of Directors shall be held at the annual meeting. The names and 

addresses of the members of the first Board who shall hold office until their successors are 

appointed or elected, or until removed, are as follows: are as follows: 

Page 107 of 139 

NAME 

Brady Lefere 

Michael Piendel 

003881 

ADDRESS 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

3 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2730 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Nicholas Becker 

Riverview, FL 33578 

10. Dissolution. In the event of the dissolution of the Association other than incident to a 

merger or consolidation, any member may petition the Circuit Court having jurisdiction of the 

Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida for the appointment of a receiver to manage its affairs of the 

dissolved Association and to manage the Common Areas, in the place and stead of the Association, 

and to make such provisions as may be necessary for the continued management of the affairs of 

the dissolved Association and its properties. In the event of termination, dissolution or final 

liquidation of the Association, ownership of the portion of the S W MS, if any, owned by the 

Association and the responsibility for the operation and maintenance of the SWMS must be 

transferred to and accepted by an entity in accordance with the rules and regulations of SWF WMD 

and any such transfer and acceptance must be approved in writing by SWF WMD prior to such 

termination, dissolution or liquidation. 

11. Duration. Existence of the Association shall commence with the filing of these Alticles 

with the Secretary of State, Tallahassee, Florida. The Association shall exist in perpetuity. 

12. Amendment. 

12.1 General Restrictions on Amendments. Notwithstanding any other provision herein 

to the contrary, no amendment to these Articles shall affect the rights of Declarant, unless such 

amendment receives the prior written consent of Declarant, which may be withheld for any reason 

whatsoever. If the prior written approval of any governmental entity or agency having jurisdiction 

is required by applicable law or governmental regulation for any amendment to these Articles, then 

the prior written consent of such entity or agency must also be obtained. No amendment shall be 

effective until it is recorded in the Public Records. 

12.2 Alnendnwnts rior to the Turnover. Prior to the Turnover, but subject to the general 

restrictions on amendments set forth above, Declarant shall have the right to amend these Articles 

as it deems appropriate, without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except 

to the extent limited by applicable law. Declarant's right to amend under this Section is to be 

construed as broadly as possible. In the event the Association shall desire to amend these Articles 

prior to the Turnover, the Association must first obtain Declarant's prior written consent to any 

proposed amendment. An amendment identical to that approved by Declarant may be adopted by 

the Association pursuant to the requirements for amendments from and after the Turnover. 

Declarant shall join in such identical amendment so that its consent to the same will be reflected 

in the Public Records. 

12.3 Amendments From and After the "Furnover. After the Turnover, but subject to the 

general restrictions on amendments set forth above, these Articles may be amended with the 

approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of the members. 

12.4 Com liance with HUD FHA* VA FNMA. GNMA and SWFWMD. Prior to the 

Turnover, the Declarant shall have the right to amend these Articles, from time to time, to make 

Page 108 of 139 

4 

0038811\1743668298837.vl 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2731 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested or required by 

HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD, or any other governmental agency or body as a 

condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements or agreement 

to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by mortgages on 

Lots. No approval or joinder of the Association, other Owners, or any other party shall be required 

or necessary to such amendment. After the Turnover, but subject to the general restrictions on 

amendments set forth above, the Board shall have the right to amend these Articles, from time to 

time, to make such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested 

or required by HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD or any other govermnental agency 

or body as a condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements 

or agreement to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by 

mortgages on Lots. No approval or joinder of the Owners, or any other party shall be required or 

necessary to any such amendments by the Board. 

Limitations. 

13. 

13.1 Declaration is Paramount. No amendment may be made to these Articles which 

shall in any manner reduce, amend, affect or modify the terms, conditions, provisions, rights and 

obligations set forth in the Declaration. 

13.2 Rights of Declarant. There shall be no amendment to these Articles which shall 

abridge, reduce, amend, effect or modify the rights of Declarant, unless such amendment receives 

the prior written consent of Declarant, which may be withheld for any reason whatsoever, 

13.3 Bylaws. These Articles shall not be amended in a manner that conflicts with the 

Bylaws. 

14. Officers. The Board shall elect a President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, and as 

many Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as the Board shall from time 

to time determine. The names and addresses of the Officers who shall serve until their successors 

are elected by the Board are as follows: follows: 

Page 109 of 139 

President: 

Vice President: 

Secretary 

Treasurer: 

Brady Lefere 

Michael Piendel 

Nicholas Becker 

Nicholas Becker 

Indemnification of Officers and Direct0E. Association shall and does hereby indemnify 

15. 

and hold harmless every Director and every Officer, their heirs, executors and administrators, 

against all loss, cost and expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any action, suit or 

proceeding to which such Director or Officer may be made a party by reason of being or having 

been a Director or Officer of the Association, including reasonable counsel fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels of proceeding. This indemnification shall not apply to matters 

wherein the Director or Officer shall be finally adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding to be 

liable for or guilty of gross negligence or willful misconduct. The foregoing rights shall be in 

addition to, and not exclusive of, all other rights to which such Director or Officers may be entitled. 

5 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2732 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

16. Transactions in Which Directors or Officers are Interested. No contract or transaction 

between the Association and one (1) or more of its Directors or Officers or Declarant, or between 

Association and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one 

(1) or more of its Officers or Directors are Officers, Directors or employees or otherwise interested 

shall be invalid, void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the Officer or Director 

is present at, or participates in, meetings of the Board thereof which authorized the contract or 

transaction. No Director or Officer of the Association shall incur liability by reason of the fact that 

such Director or Officer may be interested in any such contract or transaction. Interested Directors 

shall disclose the general nature of their interest and may be counted in determining the presence 

of a quorum at a meeting of the Board which authorized the contract or transaction. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being the Incorporato of this Association, has 

executed these Articles of Incorporation as of this 

day of 

2018, 

att Imann, Esq. 

Jam s 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

Page 110 of 139 

215 North Eola Drive 

Orlando, FL 32801 

6 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2733 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

ACCEPTANCE BY REGISTERED AGENT 

The undersigned, having been named to accept service of process for the above-stated 

corporation at the place designated in this certificate, hereby agrees to act in this capacity, and is 

familiar with, and accepts, the obligations of this position and further agrees to comply with the 

provisions of all statutes relative to the proper and complete performance of its duties. 

Page 111 of 139 

day of 

Dated this 

Registered Office: 

215 N01th Eola Drive 

Orlando, FL 32801 

Principal Corporate Office: 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

2018. 

LOWNDES, DROSDICK, DOSTER, KANTOR & 

REED, P.A. 

By: 

ames Katteln ann 

7 

HI 8000231277 3 

9774 G2735 

OR BK 

BYLAWS 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION NOT FOR PROFIT) 

Name and Location. The name of the corporation is DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

1. 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. (the "Association"). The principal office of the 

corporation shall be located at 2662 S. Falkenburg Road, Riverview, FL 33578, or at such other 

location determined by the Board of Directors (the "Board") from time to time. 

Definitions. The definitions contained in the COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL 

2. 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Declaration") relating to the residential community known as DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, recorded, or to be recorded, in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, are 

incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. In addition to the terms defined in the 

Declaration, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

"Minutes" shall mean the minutes of all member and Board meetings, which shall be in 

the form required by the Florida Statutes. In the absence of governing Florida Statutes, the Board 

shall determine the form of the minutes. 

"Official Records" shall mean all records required to be maintained by the Association 

pursuant to Section 720.303(4) of the Florida Statutes, as amended from time to time. 

Page 113 of 139 

3. 

Members. 

3.1 Voting Interests. Each Owner and the Declarant shall be a member of the 

Association. No person who holds an interest in a Lot only as security for the performance of an 

obligation shall be a member of the Association. Membership shall be appurtenant to, and may 

not be separated from, ownership of any Lot. There shall be one (l) vote appurtenant to each Lot. 

Prior to the Turnover, the Declarant shall have Voting Interests equal to nine (9) votes per Lot 

owned, provided, however, as to land which is annexed or added pursuant to the terms of this 

Declaration or any parcel designated as a Future Development Tract (or similar term) or set aside 

for future development under the Plat, Declarant shall be entitled to fourteen (14) votes per acre 

or fraction thereof contained within such parcel owned by Declarant until such time as the parcel 

is platted into Lots, whereupon Declarant shall be entitled to nine (9) votes per Lot in lieu of the 

votes per acre. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the Turnover Date, the Declarant 

shall have Voting Interest equal to one (1) vote for each Lot owned. For the purposes of 

determining who may exercise the Voting Interest associated with each Lot, the following rules 

shall govern: 

l. I . Home Owned By Husband and Wife. Either the husband or wife (but not 

both) may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to a Lot. In the event the husband and wife 

cannot agree, neither may exercise the Voting Interest. 

I .2. Trusts. In the event that any trust owns a Lot, the Association shall have no 

obligation to review the trust agreement with respect to such trust. By way of example, if the Lot 

2 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2736 

OR BK 

is owned by Robert Smith, as Trustee, Robert Smith shall be deemed the Owner of the Lot for all 

Association purposes. If the Lot is owned by Robert Smith as Trustee for the Laura Jones Trust, 

then Robert Smith shall be deemed the member with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. 

If the Lot is owned by the Laura Jones Trust, and the deed does not reference a trustee, then Laura 

Jones shall be deemed the member with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. If the Lot 

is owned by the Jones Family Trust, the Jones Family Trust may not exercise its Voting Interest 

unless it presents to the Association, in the form of an attorney opinion letter or affidavit reasonably 

acceptable to the Association, the identification of the person who should be treated as the member 

with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. If Robert Smith and Laura Jones, as Trustees, 

hold title to a Lot, either trustee may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. In the 

event of a conflict between trustees, the Voting Interest for the Lot in question cannot be exercised. 

In the event that any other form of trust ownership is presented to the Association, the decision of 

the Board as to who may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to any Lot shall be final. The 

Association shall have no obligation to obtain an attorney opinion letter in making its decision, 

which may be made on any reasonable basis whatsoever. 

1.3. Corporations. If a Lot is owned by a corporation, the corporation shall 

designate a person, an officer, employee, or agent who shall be treated as the member who can 

exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. 

Partnerships. If a Lot is owned by a limited partnership, any one of the 

general partners may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. By way of example, if 

the general partner of a limited partnership is a corporation, then the provisions hereof governing 

corporations shall govern which person can act on behalf of the corporation as general partner of 

such limited partnership. If a Lot is owned by a general partnership, any one of the general partners 

may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. In the event of a conflict among general 

partners entitled to exercise a Voting Interest, the Voting Interest for such Lot cannot be exercised. 

1.5. Multiple Individuals. If a Lot is owned by more than one individual, any 

one of such individuals may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to such Lot. In the event that 

there is a conflict among such individuals, the Voting Interest for such Lot cannot be exercised. 

1.6. Liability of the Association. The Association may act in reliance upon any 

writing or instrument or signature, whether original or facsimile, which the Association, in good 

faith, believes to be genuine, may assume the validity and accuracy of any statement or assertion 

contained in such a writing or instrument, and may assume that any person purporting to give any 

writing, notice, advice or instruction in connection with the provisions hereof has been duly 

authorized to do so. So long as the Association acts in good faith, the Association shall have no 

liability or obligation with respect to the exercise of Voting Interests, and no election shall be 

invalidated (in the absence of fraud) on the basis that the Association permitted or denied any 

In addition, the Board may impose additional 

person the right to exercise a Voting Interest. 

requirements respecting the exercise of Voting Interests (e.g., the execution of a Voting Certificate). 

3.2 Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of the members (the "Annual Members 

Meeting") shall be held at least once each calendar year on a date, at a time, and at a place to be 

determined by the Board. 

3 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 114 of 139 
†
9774 G2737 

OR BK 

Special Meetings of the Members. Special meetings of the members (a "Special 

3.3 

Members Meetino") may be called by a majority of the Board, or upon written request of thirty 

percent (30%) of the Voting Interests of the members. The business to be conducted at a Special 

Members Meeting shall be limited to the extent required by Florida Statutes. 

3.4 Notice of Members Meetings. Notice of each members meeting shall be given by, 

or at the direction of, any officer of the Board or any management company retained by the 

Association in any manner permitted by the Florida Statutes applicable to same. A copy of the 

notice shall be mailed to each member entitled to vote, postage prepaid, not less than fourteen (14) 

days before the meeting (provided, however, in the case of an emergency, two (2) days' notice will 

be deemed sufficient), unless otherwise required by Florida law. The notice shall be addressed to 

the member's address last appearing on the books of the Association. The notice shall specify the 

place, day, and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a Special Members Meeting, the purpose of 

the meeting. Alternatively, and to the extent not prohibited by the Florida Statutes, the Board may 

adopt from time to time, other procedures for giving notice to the members of the Annual Members 

Meeting or a Special Members Meeting. By way of example, and not of limitation, such notice 

may be included in a newsletter sent to each member. 

3.5 Quorum of Members. Until the Turnover, a quorum shall be established by 

Declarant's presence, in person or by proxy, at any meeting. From and after the Turnover, a 

quorum for purposes of conducting business shall be established by the presence, in person or by 

proxy, of the members entitled to cast ten percent (10%) of the total Voting Interests, subject to 

reduction as provided in Section 3.6 below. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, 

in the event that technology permits members to participate in member meetings and vote on 

matters electronically, then the Board shall have authority, without the joinder of any other party, 

to revise this provision to establish appropriate quorum requirements. 

3.6 Ad'ournment of Members Meetin s. If, however, a quorum shall not be present at 

any members meeting, the meeting may be adjourned as provided in the Florida Statutes. In the 

absence of a provision in the Florida Statutes, the members present shall have power to adjourn 

the meeting and reschedule it on another date. If any such meeting is adjourned and rescheduled 

for failure to meet quorum requirements, the quorum requirement for the rescheduled meeting 

shall be one-half (1/2) of the quorum requirement for the adjourned meeting. 

3.7 Action of Members. Decisions that require a vote of the members must be made 

by a concurrence of a majority of the Voting Interests present in person or by proxy, represented at 

a meeting at which a quorum has been obtained unless provided otherwise in the Declaration, the 

Articles, or these Bylaws. 

Proxies. At all meetings, members may vote their Voting Interests in person or by 

3.8 

proxy. All proxies shall comply with the provisions of Section 720.306(8), Florida Statutes, as 

amended from time to time, be in writing, and be filed with the Secretary at, or prior to, the 

meeting. Every proxy shall be revocable prior to the meeting for which it is given. 

Page 115 of 139 

4. 

Board of Directors. 

4 

003881 1 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2738 

OR BK 

4.1 Number. The affairs of the Association shall be managed by a Board consisting of 

no less than three (3) persons and no more than five (5) persons. Board members appointed by 

Declarant or Founder need not be members of the Association. Board members elected by Owners 

must be members of the Association. 

Pre-Turnover Director. Pursuant to Section 720.307(2), Florida Statutes Owners 

are entitled to elect one (l) member of the Board (the "Pre-Turnover Director") when fifty 

percent (50%) of all the Lots ultimately planned for DEL WEBB BEXLEY are conveyed to 

Owners. If no Owners are willing to serve as a Pre-Turnover Director, a replacement Director 

shall be selected pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof to serve until the next Annual Members Meeting, 

at which time nominations will again be solicited for a Pre-Turnover Director to be elected in 

conjunction with the Annual Members Meeting. The term of the Pre- Turnover Director shall 

expire at the second (2nd) Annual Members Meeting after the election of the Pre-Turnover Director. 

4.3 Term of Office. The term of office for the Pre-Turnover Director shall end on the 

Turnover Date. Except with respect to the Pre-Turnover Director, the election of Directors shall 

take place after Declarant no longer has the authority to appoint a majority Board and shall take 

place on the Turnover Date. On the Turnover Date the members shall elect three (3) Directors: 

one (1) Director for a term of one (l) year, one (1) Director for a term two (2) years, and one (1) 

Director for a term of three (3) years. The candidate receiving the most votes shall serve as the 

Director for three (3) years; the candidate receiving the second highest number of votes shall serve 

as Director for two (2) years; and the candidate receiving the least amount of votes shall serve as 

Director for one (l) year. At each Annual Members Meeting thereafter, the members shall elect 

the appropriate number of Directors for a term of three (3) years. Each Director's respective term 

shall end upon the election of new Directors at the Annual Members Meeting (except that the term 

of any Director appointed by Declarant shall extend until the date designated by Declarant, or until 

the Turnover Date). 

4.4 Removal. Any vacancy created by the resignation or removal of a Board member 

appointed by Declarant may be replaced by Declarant. Declarant may replace or remove any 

Board member appointed by Declarant in Declarant's sole and absolute discretion. In the event of 

death or resignation of a Director elected by the members, the remaining Directors may fill such 

vacancy. Directors may be removed with or without cause by the vote or agreement in writing of 

members holding a majority of the Voting Interests. 

4.5 Compensation. No Director shall receive compensation for any service rendered 

as a Director to the Association; provided, however, any Director tnay be l'eimbursed for actual 

expenses incurred as a Director. 

4.6 Action Taken Without a Meeting. Except to the extent prohibited by law, the Board 

shall have the right to take any action without a meeting by obtaining the written approval of the 

required number of Directors. Any action so approved shall have the satne effect as though taken 

at a meeting of Directors. 

4.7 Appointment and Election of Directors. Until the Turnover, the Declarant shall 

have the unrestricted power to appoint a mqjority of the Directors of the Association, subject, 

however, to the option of the Founder to appoint one (l) Director of the Association until such 

5 

003881 1 

Page 116 of 139 
†
9774 G2739 

OR BK 

time as Declarant has purchased all of the Additional Property from Founder pursuant to the 

Declarant Purchase Contract pursuant to Section 28.5 of the Declaration. From and after the 

Turnover, or such earlier date determined by Declarant in its sole and absolute discretion, the 

members shall elect all Directors of the Association at or in conjunction with the Annual Members 

Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after Turnover, for so long as Declarant holds 

at least five percent (5%) of the total number of Lots planned for DEL WEBB BEXLEY out for 

sale, Declarant, at Declarant's sole option, may elect one (l ) member of the Board, which may be 

designated by the Founder pursuant to Section 28.5 of the Declaration. Nothing herein shall 

require Declarant to elect or place any members on the Board after Turnover. 

4.8 Election. Election to the Board shall be by secret written ballot, unless unanimously 

waived by all members present. The persons receiving the most votes shall be elected. Cumulative 

voting is not permitted. 

Page 117 of 139 

5. 

Meeting of Directors. 

5.1 Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held on a schedule 

adopted by the Board from time to time. Meetings shall be held at such place and hour as may be 

fixed, from time to time, by resolution of the Board. 

Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board shall be held when called by the 

5.2 

President, or by any two (2) Directors. Each Director shall be given not less than two (2) days' 

notice except in the event of an emergency. Notice may be waived. Attendance shall be a waiver 

of notice. Telephone conference meetings are permitted. 

5.3 Emergencies. In the event of an emergency involving immediate danger of injury 

or death to any person or damage to property, if a meeting of the Board cannot be immediately 

convened to determine a course of action, the President or, in his absence, any other officer or 

director, shall be authorized to take such action on behalf of the Association as shall be reasonably 

required to appropriately respond to the emergency situation, including the expenditure of the 

Association funds in the minimum amount as may be reasonably required under the circumstances. 

The authority of officers to act in accordance herewith shall remain in effect until the first to occur 

of the resolution of the emergency situation or a meeting of the Board convened to act in response 

thereto. 

5.4 Quorum. A majority of the number of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the 

transaction of business. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the Directors present 

at a duly held meeting, at which a quorum is present, or in writing in lieu thereof, shall be action 

of the Board. Directors may attend meetings telephonically. When some or all Directors meet by 

telephone conference, those Directors attending by telephone conference shall be counted toward 

obtaining a quorum and may vote by telephone. A telephone speaker shall be utilized at the noticed 

location of the meeting so that the conversation of those Directors may be heard by the Board, as 

well as any member present at the meeting. Members may not attend Board meetings 

telephonically. 

5.5 Open Meetings. Meetings of the Board shall be open to all members except that 

meetings between the Board or a committee established by the Board and the Association's 

6 

003881 1 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2740 

OR BK 

attorney to discuss proposed or pending litigation or meetings of the Board held for the purpose of 

discussing personnel Inatters are not required to be open to members other than the Directors. 

5.6 Voting. Board members shall cast votes in the manner provided in the Florida 

Statutes. In the absence of a statutory provision, the Board shall establish the manner in which 

votes shall be cast. 

5.7 Notice of Board Meetings. Notices of meetings of the Board shall be posted in a 

conspicuous place on the Common Areas at least 48 hours in advance, except in an event of an 

emergency. Alternatively, notice may be given to members in any other manner provided by 

Florida Statute. By way of example, and not of limitation, notice may be given in any newsletter 

distributed to the members. For the purposes of giving notice, the area for notices to be posted 

selected by the Board shall be deemed a conspicuous place. Notwithstanding anything to the 

contrary herein, notice of any meeting of the Board at which an Assessment will be levied must be 

provided to all members at least fourteen (14) days before the meeting, which notice shall include 

a statement that Assessments will be considered at the meeting and the nature of the Assessments. 

Page 118 of 139 

6. 

Powers and Duties of the Board. 

Powers. The Board shall, subject to the limitations and reservations set forth in the 

6.1 

Declaration and Articles, have the powers reasonably necessary to manage, operate, maintain and 

discharge the duties of the Association, including, but not limited to, the power to cause 

Association to do the following: 

1.1. General. Exercise all powers, duties and authority vested in or delegated to 

the Association by law and in these Bylaws, the Articles, and the Declaration, including without 

limitation, adopt budgets, levy Assessments, enter into contracts with Telecommunications 

Providers for Telecommunications Services. 

I .2. Rules and Regulations. Adopt, publish, promulgate and enforce rules and 

regulations governing the use of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by the members, tenants and their guests 

and invitees, and to establish penalties and/or fines for the infraction thereof subject only to the 

requirements of the Florida Statutes, if any. 

I .3. Enforcement. Suspend the right of use of the Common Areas (other than 

for vehicular and pedestrian ingress and egress and for utilities) of a member during any period in 

which such member shall be in default in the payment of any Assessment or charge levied, or 

collected, by the Association. 

I .4. Declare Vacancies. Declare the office of a member of the Board to be vacant 

in the event such member shall be absent from three (3) consecutive regular Board meetings. 

I . 5. Hire Employees. Employ, on behalf of the Association, managers, 

independent contractors, or such other employees as it deems necessary, to prescribe their duties 

and delegate to such Inanager, contractor, etc., any or all of the duties and functions of the 

Association and/or its officers. 

7 

00.3881 1 74366\3431 786.v7 
†
9774 G2741 

OR BK 

I .6. Common Areas. Acquire, sell, operate, lease, manage and otherwise trade 

and deal with property, real and personal, including the Common Areas, as provided in the 

Declaration, and with any other matters involving the Association or its members, on behalf of the 

Association or the discharge of its duties, as may be necessary or convenient for the operation and 

management of the Association and in accomplishing the purposes set forth in the Declaration. 

I .7. Granting of Interest. Grant licenses, easements, permits, leases, or 

privileges to any individual or entity, which affect Common Areas and to alter, add to, relocate or 

improve the Common Areas as provided in the Declaration. 

Financial Reports. Prepare all financial reports required by the Florida 

1.8. 

Statutes. 

6.2 Vote. The Board shall exercise all powers so granted, except where the Declaration, 

Articles or these Bylaws specifically require a vote of the members. 

6.3 Limitations. Until the Turnover, Declarant shall have and is hereby granted a right 

to disapprove or veto any such action, policy, or program proposed or authorized by the 

Association, the Board, the ARC, any committee of the Association, or the vote of the members. 

This right may be exercised by Declarant at any time within sixty (60) days following a meeting 

held pursuant to the terms and provisions hereof. This right to disapprove may be used to veto 

proposed actions but shall not extend to the requiring of any action or counteraction on behalf of 

the Association, the Board, the ARC or any committee of the Association. 

6.4 Elected Director Certification. 

4.1. Within 90 days after being elected or appointed to the Board, each Director 

shall certify in writing to the Secretary of the Association that he or she has read the Association's 

declaration of covenants, articles of incorporation, bylaws, and current written rules and policies; 

that he or she will work to uphold such documents and policies to the best of his or her ability; and 

that he or she will faithfully discharge his or her fiduciary responsibility to the Association's 

members. Within 90 days after being elected or appointed to the Board, in lieu of such written 

certification, the newly elected or appointed Director may submit a certificate of having 

satisfactorily completed the educational curriculum administered by an education provider 

approved by the Division of Florida Condominiums, Timeshares and Mobile homes in the 

Department of Business and Professional Regulations within I year before or 90 days after the 

date of election or appointment. 

4.2. The written certification or educational certificate provided pursuant to 

Section 6.4. I hereof shall be valid for the uninterrupted tenure of the Director on the Board. A 

Director who does not timely file the written certification or educational certificate shall be 

suspended from the Board until he or she complies with the requirement. The Board may 

temporarily fill the vacancy during the period of suspension. 

4.3. The Association shall retain each Director's written certification or 

educational certificate for inspection by the members for 5 years after the Director's election. 

However, the failure to have the written certification or educational certificate on file does not 

affect the validity of any Board action. 

8 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 119 of 139 
†
9774 G2742 

OR BK 

Obligations of the Association. Association, subject to the provisions of the Declaration, 

Articles, and these Bylaws shall discharge such duties as necessary to operate the Association 

pursuant to the Declaration, including, but not limited to, the following: 

7.1 Official Records. Maintain and make available all Official Records; 

Supervision. Supervise all officers, agents and employees of the Association, and 

7.2 

to see that their duties are properly performed; 

7.3 Assessments and Fines. Fix and collect the amount of the Assessments and fines; 

take all necessary legal action; and pay, or cause to be paid, all obligations of the Association or 

where the Association has agreed to do so, of the members; and 

7.4 Enforcement. Enforce the provisions of the Declaration, Articles, these Bylaws, 

and Rules and Regulations. 

Page 120 of 139 

8. 

Officers and Their Duties. 

8.1 Officers. The officers of this Association shall be a President, a Vice President, a 

Secretary, and a Treasurer. 

8.2 Election of Officers. After the Turnover, and except as set forth below, the election 

of officers shall be by the Board and shall take place at the first meeting of the Board following 

each Annual Members Meeting. 

8.3 Term. The officers named in the Articles shall serve until their replacement by the 

Board. The officers of the Association shall hold office until their successors are appointed or 

elected unless such officer shall sooner resign, be removed, or otherwise disqualified to serve. 

Special Appointment. The Board may elect such other officers as the affairs of the 

8.4 

Association may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and 

perform such duties as the Board may, from time to time, determine. 

8.5 Resignation and Removal. Any officer may be removed from office, with or 

without cause, by the Board. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the 

Board. Such resignation shall take effect on the date of receipt of such notice or at any later time 

specified therein. Acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

8.6 Vacancies. A vacancy in any office shall be filled by appointment by the Board. 

The officer appointed to such vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of the replaced 

officer. 

8.7 Multiple Offices. The office of President and Vice-President shall not be held by 

the same person. All other offices may be held by the same person. 

8.8 Duties. The duties of the officers are as follows: 

9 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2743 

OR BK 

President. The President shall preside at all meetings of the Association and 

8.1. 

Board, sign all leases, mortgages, deeds and other written instruments and perform such other 

duties as may be required by the Board. The President shall be a member of the Board. 

8.2. Vice President. The Vice President shall act in the place and stead of the 

President in the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the President, and perform such 

other duties as may be required by the Board. 

Secretar . The Secretary shall record the votes and keep the Minutes of all 

8.3. 

meetings and proceedings of the Association and the Board; keep the corporate seal of the 

Association and affix it on all papers required to be sealed; serve notice of meetings of the Board 

and of the Association; keep appropriate current records showing the names of the members of the 

Association together with their addresses; and perform such other duties as required by the Board. 

8.4. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall cause to be received and deposited in 

appropriate bank accounts all monies of the Association and shall disburse such funds as directed 

by the Board; sign, or cause to be signed, all checks, and promissory notes of the Association; 

cause to be kept proper books of account and accounting records required pursuant to the 

provisions of Section 720.303 of the Florida Statutes cause to be prepared in accordance with 

generally accepted accounting principles all financial reports required by the Florida Statutes; and 

perform such other duties as required by the Board. 

Page 121 of 139 

9. 

Committees. 

9.1 General. The Board may appoint such committees as deemed appropriate. The 

Board may fill any vacancies on all committees. 

9.2 ARC. Declarant shall have the sole right to appoint the members of the ARC until 

the Community Completion Date. Upon expiration of the right of Declarant to appoint members 

of the ARC, the Board shall appoint the members of the ARC. As provided under the Declaration, 

the Association shall have the authority and standing to seek enforcement in courts of competent 

jurisdiction any decisions of the ARC. 

10. Records. The official records of the Association shall be available for inspection by any 

member at the principal office of the Association. Copies may be purchased, by a member, at a 

reasonable cost. 

11. 

12. 

Corporate Seal. Association shall have an impression seal in circular form. 

Amendments. 

12.1 General Restrictions on Amendments. Notwithstanding any other provision herein 

to the contrary, no amendment to these Bylaws shall affect the rights of Declarant unless such 

amendment receives the prior written consent of Declarant which may be withheld for any reason 

whatsoever. If the prior written approval of any governmental entity or agency having jurisdiction 

is required by applicable law or governmental regulation for any amendment to these Bylaws, then 

the prior written consent of such entity or agency must also be obtained. No amendment shall be 

effective until it is recorded in the Public Records. 

10 

003881 74366\.3431786.v7 
†
9774 

OR BK 

G 2744 

Page 122 of 139 

12.2 Amendments Prior to the Turnover. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant shall have the 

right to amend these Bylaws as it deems appropriate, without the joinder or consent of any person 

or entity whatsoever, except as limited by applicable law. Declarant's right to amend under this 

provision is to be construed as broadly as possible. In the event the Association shall desire to 

amend these Bylaws prior to the Turnover, the Association must first obtain Declarant's prior 

written consent to any proposed amendment. An amendment identical to that approved by 

Declarant may be adopted by the Association pursuant to the requirements for amendments from 

and after the Turnover. Thereafter, Declarant shall join in such identical amendment so that its 

consent to the same will be reflected in the Public Records. 

12.3 Amendments From and After the Turnover. After the Turnover, but subject to the 

general restrictions on amendments set forth above, these Bylaws may be amended with the 

approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly called meeting of the members. Notwithstanding the 

foregoing, these Bylaws may be amended after the Turnover by a majority of the Board acting 

alone to change the number of directors on the Board and their respective terms. Such change 

shall not require the approval of the members. Any change in the number of directors shall not 

take effect until the next Annual Members Meeting. 

12.4 Compliance with HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA and SWFWMD. Prior to the 

Turnover, the Declarant shall have the right to amend these Bylaws, from time to time, to make 

such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested or required by 

HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD, or any other governmental agency or body as a 

condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements or agreement 

to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by mortgages on 

Lots. No approval or joinder of the Association, other Owners, or any other party shall be required 

or necessary to such amendment. After the Turnover Date, but subject to the general restrictions 

on amendments set forth above, the Board shall have the right to amend these Bylaws, from time 

to time, to make such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested 

or required by HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD or any other governmental agency 

or body as a condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements 

or agreement to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by 

mortgages on Lots. No approval or joinder of the Owners, or any other party, shall be required or 

necessary to any such amendments by the Board. 

Conflict. In the case of any conflict between the Articles and these Bylaws, the Articles 

13. 

shall control. In the case of any conflict between the Declaration and these Bylaws, the Declaration 

shall control. 

Fiscal Year. The first fiscal year shall begin on the date of incorporation and end on 

14. 

December 31 of that year. Thereafter, the fiscal year of the Association shall begin on the first day 

of January and end on the 3 1 st day of December of every year. 

15. Miscellaneous. 

11 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2745 

OR BK 

15.1 Whenever these Bylaws refers to the Florida Statutes, it shall be 

deemed to refer to the Florida Statutes as they exist on the date these Bylaws are recorded except 

to the extent provided otherwise as to any particular provision of the Florida Statutes. 

15,2 Severability. Invalidation of any of the provisions of these Bylaws by judgment or 

court order shall in no way affect any other provision, and the remainder of these Bylaws shall 

remain in full force and effect. 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Brady Lefere, do hereby certify that: 

1 am the duly elected and acting President of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

Page 123 of 139 

ASSOCIATION, INC, a Florida corporation not for profit; and, 

THAT the foregoing Bylaws constitute the original Bylaws of said Associa 

ad ted at meeting of the Board of Directors thereof, held on the 

2018. 

as duly 

day of 

IN WITNESS I hav hereunt subscribed my name and affixed the seal of 

day of u}. 

2018. 

said Association this 

ere, Preside 

RPORATE SEAL) 

12 

0038811 

9815 PG3107 

2018189858 

OR BK 

1 of10 

11/08/2018 04:38PM Rcpt20D5DD0 Rec. 8550 OS: 0.00 IT: COO 

'I'aura s. O'Neil,- Th.'LJÑ Pasco County CTcrk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

ó -SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESER VED FOR RECORDING DATAó 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(PECLARING ADDITION AL EASEMENTS) 

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL 

WEBB BEXI Y (DECLARING ADDITIONAL EASEMENTS) (the "First Amendment") 

is made as of 

, 2018, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan 

limited liability company au orized to transact business in the State of Florida (the 

"Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 

INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP-BFXLEY, LLC, a 

Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into 

that certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623 of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 

"Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as 

defined in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, 

without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by 

applicable law as it exists on the original date Of recording Of the Declaration or as otherwise 

expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 Of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording Of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this First Amendment to 

(i) amend and restate multiple provisions of the Declaration to provide that terms and provisions 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3108 

Pne 2 Of 10 

Of the Declaration which applied to "Pool Enclosures" and "Pool Landscaping" in the original 

recorded version of the Declaration shall apply to "PooVPatio Enclosures" and "PooVPatio 

Enclosure Landscaping" as those terms are defined in amended and restated Section 10.2.2 of the 

Declaration set forth hereinbelow, (ii) amend and restate Section 10.12 of the Declaration to 

confirm that maintenance, repair and replacement of sidewalks located on a Lot or within 

Common Areas shall be the responsibility of the Association, subject to the Lot Owner's 

obligation to reimburse the Association for damages to such sidewalks caused by the negligent or 

willful acts of such Owner, their Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees, (iii) 

amend and restate Section 10.10 of the Declaration to provide that the Association or CDD, as 

applicable, shall maintain the interior of any Perimeter Walls/Fences or portions thereof located 

on any Owner's Lot and (iv) amend and restate Section 12.4.3 of the Declaration to clarify the 

vehicles which are prohibited in DEL WEBB BEXLEY; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this First Amendment for 

the purpose of adding Section 15.12 declaring and granting the Additional Perimeter Wall/Fencc 

Easements (as that term is defined below) over portions of certain Lots and Common Area Tracts 

Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, all as more particularly set forth herein below; 

WHEREAS, Section 21.7 of the Declaration provides that, until the Community 

Completion Date, Declarant reserves the exclusive right to grant, in its sole discretion, 

easements, permits and/or licenses for ingress and egress, drainage, utilities, maintenance, 

Telecommunications Services and other purposes over, under, upon and across DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY so long as any said easements do not materially and adversely interfere with the 

intended use of Homes previously conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this First Amendment, Declarant and the 

Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all of the Lots and Common Area Tracts 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this First Amendment to confirm its 

approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this First Amendment to confirm its approval of 

and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this First Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the 

Association and Founder join in and consent to this First Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 

incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall 

have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

Addition of Amended and Restated Sections 10.2.2. 10.2.3. 10.4. 10.10. 10.12. 

2. 

11.8.2.1. 12.4.3. 12.14. 12.21 and 12.31. Sections 10.2.2, 10.2.3, 10.4, 10.10, 10.12, 11.8.2.1, 

12.14, 12.21 and 12.31 are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows 

(additions underlined and deletions identified by strike-through): 

2 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3109 

3 of 10 

maintenance (including, mowing, fertilizing, watering, mulching, pruning, 

and replacing as deemed necessary by the Association in its sole discretion, and 

controlling disease and insects), of all lawns and landscaping installed on the Lots as part 

of the initial construction on the Lots, specifically excluding landscaping located within 

any fenced in or enclosed area containing a pool or screened in patio installed on the Int 

by Declarant in connection with the initial construction of a hHome or by any Owner 

with ARC approval (each a "PooVPatio Enclosure" and such landscaping "PooVPatio 

Enclosure Landscaping"). Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping must be approved by the 

ARC and shall be irrigated and maintained by the Lot Owner at their sole cost and 

expense; 

10.2.3 No Owner or Lessee shall install any additional landscaping, including 

flowers, trees or shrubs, on any Lot after completion of initial construction on any Lot 

without obtaining ARC approval of same. Any such landscaping installed by an Owner 

(including prior Owners) on any Lot (the 'Owner Installed Landscaping"), regardless 

of whether such Owner Installed Landscaping is permitted pursuant to this Section 10.2, 

shall be the responsibility of the Owner and not the responsibility of the Association. The 

Association may, but shall not be obligated to, irrigate, fertilize, spray for insects, mulch, 

trim or prune Owner Installed Landscaping, with the additional cost of same to be an 

additional Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot. The Association may also 

elect to discontinue irrigation and maintenance of Owner Installed Landscaping at any 

time in its sole discretion. In no event shall the Association be responsible to maintain 

Pool/Pati0 Enclosure Landscaping. Any (i) Owner Installed Landscaping installed or 

maintained on any Lot and (ii) any Association irrigation or maintenance Of any Owner 

Installed Landscaping on any Lot shall be at such Lot Owner's sole expense and risk. 

The Association shall not be responsible for damage to, or obligated to replace any, 

Owner Installed Landscaping Or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping under any 

circumstances. Nothing herein shall be deemed to authorize the installation of Owner 

Installed Landscaping, Pool/_E4LiQ Enclosures or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping on 

any Lot by any Owner without ARC approval Of same, which can be withheld in the 

ARC's sole discretion. 

10.4 Landscape Maintenance. The Association shall maintain all landscaping 

within any "'Landscape Easement" "Landscape/Wall Tract" Or Other ponion of any Lot or 

Tract (a) dedicated to the Association for landscape purposes ("Landscape Tract") or (b) 

subject to a landscaping easement in favor of the Association (a "Landscape Easement") 

as designated on the Plat or by separate recorded easement. The Association may also 

irrigate and maintain landscaping within any CDD Tract and maintain, repair and replace 

any portion of the Perimeter Wall/Fence within any CDD Tract pursuant to a separate 

maintenance agreement with the CDD, and all cost of same shall be an Operating 

Expense. No Owner or Lessee shall install, remove, maintain, modify, disturb or alter 

any landscaping installed within any Landscape Easement. Except as otherwise provided 

in this Declaration, the Association shall have no responsibility for the maintenance of 

landscaped areas within any Lot, including without limitation, any Owner Installed 

Landscaping or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping. Except as provided in this 

Declaration or to the extent expressly assumed by the Association or CDD, the record 

title owner of each such Lot shall be responsible for the repair, replacement and 

3 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3110 

4 of I O 

maintenance of the irrigation and all landscaped areas and other improvements within any 

portion Of the Lot, including, without limitation, maintenance Of the elevation, grade and 

slope of the Lot, maintenance of the ponion of the SWMS located on the and 

repairing any damage to sidewalks, utilities or the SWMS lesulting from any trees or 

landscaping on the Lot. 

10.10 Perimeter Walls and Fences. The Declarant or CDD may install perimetef 

walls or fences, including a retaining wall, w-iÂ-i-H 

any Lot. Common Area or CDD Tract !the "Perimeter Walls/Fenees"l within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY including within any fence or wall 

Common-4Xrea-0E-any-CDDóTrac0 as set forth on the Plat or created pursuant to this 

Declaration or by separate usernent instrument Or maintenance agreement with respect to 

same (the "Perimeter WalVFence Easement"i. To the extent any Perimeter Wall,'Fence 

is insealled on or within five (5) feet of any LOL a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement is 

herebv created over anv portion of anv Lot that contains such Perimeter Wall/Fence or is 

within five (5) feet or such Perimeter Wall/Fcnce. The Association or CDD, as 

applicable, at all times shall have the right to maintain, repalr, replace any Perimeter 

Walls/Fences within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including Perimeter Walls/Fences located 

On Lots, Common AreÊs or on any CDD Tract; 

To the extent permitted as part of a Pool/Patio Enclosure, Owners may install walls or 

fences on their Lot which abut perpendicularly (or at such other angle consistent with the 

angle of intersection of the lot lines of such Owner's Lot with the Perimeter Wall/Fence) 

against any Perimeter Walls,'Fences, but no such wall or fence or any other improvements 

installed by any Owner may be affixed or attached to any Perimeter Walls/Fences or 

otherwise located within a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement. In addition, no Owner may 

install or permit to grow any trees, shrubs or landscaping Other than sod within any 

Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement or within five (5) feet of any Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

The Association, or CDD, as applicable, may perform (and is hereby granted an easement 

Of ingress and egress and temporary construction over all Lots as reasonably necessary to 

perform) any such maintenance, repairs or replacement of the Perimeter Walls/Fences at 

their discretion and the costs of any such maintenance, repairs or replacement by the 

Association shall be Operating Expenses. Failure Of the Association or CDD, as 

applicable, to undertake any such maintenance, replacement or repair of the Perimeter 

Walls/Fences shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so thereafter. 

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, the Declarant neither 

commits to, nor shall hereby be obligated to, construct such Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

10.12 Sidewalks. The Association shall be responsible for the maintenance and 

repair of all sidewalks within DEL WEBB BEXLEY located in the Common Areas or on 

any Lot; however, each Owner agrees to reimburse the Association any expense incurred 

in repairing any damage to such sidewalk in the event that the negligent or willful acts of 

such Owner, their Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees caused such 

damage to any sidewalk area. Failure Of an Owner to reimburse the Association any 

costs necessitated by such negligent or willful acts shall subject the Owner to an 

Individual Assessment for such costs. Maintenance, repair and replacement of sidewalks 

4 

0038811 k' 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3111 

p * 5 Of I 

walkways other than sidewalks located on any Lot, including walkways from the 

driveway to the Home, shall be the responsibility Of the Lot Owner. 

No Owner shall allow sprinklers installed or operated by 

11.8.2.1 

such Owner with respect to Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping to spray or other 

water sources owned or operated by such Owner or their Lessee to deliver water 

within one foot (l') Of any Party Wall, excluding rainfall that falls directly on 

such area (i.e. an Owner or Lessee shall not collect rainfall from other portions of 

the Lot and deliver it within one foot (1 ') of any Party Wall); 

12.4.3 Prohibited Vehicles. No commercial vehicle, limousine, recreational 

vehicle, boat, trailer, including without limitation, boat trailers, house trailers, mobile 

homes, and trailers of every other type, kind or description, or camper, may be kept 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

except in the garage of a Home. The term '*commercial vehicle" 

shall not be deemed to include law enforcement vehicles or recreational or sport utility 

vehicles (i.e., Broncos, Blazers, Explorers, Navigators, etc.) Or clean "non-working" 

vehicles such as pick-up trucks, vans, or cars if they are used by the Owner on a daily 

basis for normal transportation; provided, however, vehicles with ladders, racks, and 

hooks attached to such vehicles shall be "commercial vehicles" prohibited by this 

Section. No vehicles displaying commercial advertising 

42-473 shall be parked within the public view. 

Vehicles with commercial 

advertising must be parked in the garage of a 

Home. No vehicles bearing a "for sale" sign shall be parked within the public view 

anywhere within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. For any Owner who drives an automobile 

issued by the County or other governmental entity (i.e., police cars), such automobile 

shall not be deemed to be a commercial vehicle and may be parked in the garage or 

driveway of the Lot. No vehicle shall be used as a domicile or residence either 

temporarily or permanently. No all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), goW-eaNs; scooters or mini 

motorcycles are permitted at any time on any private streets, roadways, sidewalks or 

other paved surfaces forming a part of the Common Areas. Golf Carts are permitted 

within the private streets and roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, but must comply with 

and be operated, maintained, repaired, stored and parked in accordance with all 

applicable Rules and Regulations regulating same. Additionally no ATV or mini 

motorcycle may be parked or stored within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including any Lot, 

except in the garage of a Home. 

12.14 Fences/Walls/Screens. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed on 

any Lot other than Perimeter Walls/Fences and Pool/Patio Enclosures installed by 

Declarant in connection with the original construction of the Home or by an Owner with 

ARC approval. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed by any Owner of a Lot 

within any Conservation Easement Property, including upland buffer areas, or any 

Perimeter Buffer Easement. NO chain link or wooden fencing Of any kind shall be 

5 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3112 

p * 6 Of I 

allowed, and unless othervvise approved by Declarant (or the Association following the 

Turnover Date). Fences, to the extent permitted by this Section 12.14, shall not be 

installed flush to the ground so that drainage will be blocked in any way. All such fences 

must be in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. Due to the CDD's maintenance 

requirements and responsibilities, the installation of such fences within a drainage 

easement area is not expected to be approved by the ARC. However, in the event a fence 

is installed within a drainage easement area, with or without prior written ARC approval, 

the Owner is solely responsible for fence repair or replacement if the drainage easement 

area needs to be accessed for repairs or maintenance. As a condition to ARC approval of 

any fences in drainage easement areas, the ARC may require the Owner to obtain, at his 

or her own cost and expense, an agreement in writing executed by the CDD approving 

such fence, which agreement may be recorded in the Public Records by the Association 

in its sole and absolute discretion. All seÊeft-ingóahd-seseened Pool/Patio eEnclosures 

shall have the prior written approval Of the ARC and shall be in compliance with the 

Architectural Guidelines. All enclosures of balconies-or-patios; including addition of 

vinyl windows, shall be approved by the ARC and all decks shall have the pnor written 

approval of the ARC. 

12.21 Water Body Slopes. The rear yard of some Lots may border wet retention 

areas or lakes or water bodies forming part of the CDD Facilities or part Of the SWMS. 

The CDD will regulate and maintain the water body slopes and banks for such wet 

retention areas, lakes or water bodies located within such rear yards to prevent or restore 

erosion of slopes and banks due to drainage or roof culvert outfalls Or any Other reason. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Association, as part of the Landscaping and Irrigation 

Maintenance, Or the Owner Of such Lot, as part of maintaining and the Pool/Patio 

Enclosure Landscaping, shall maintain and irrigate sod and permitted landscaping within 

such water body slopes and banks located on such Owner's Lot to prevent erosion of 

same. In addition, the Owner of such Lot shall ensure that such water body banks and 

slopes remain free of any structural or landscape encroachments so as to permit vehicular 

access for maintenance when needed. Each record title owner of each Lot bordering on 

the water body, by the acceptance Of a deed to their Lot, hereby grants the CDD an 

easement of ingress and egress across his or her Lot to all adjacent water body areas for 

the purpose of ensuring compliance with the requirements of this Section. 

12.31 Swimming Pools. Hot Tubs and Spa-s. No above-ground pools shall be 

permitted on any Lot. Above-ground hot tubs and in-ground pools may be permitted 

within a Pool/Patio Enclosure with ARC approval. In-ground pools may also include an 

in-ground spa if same is approved by the ARC in its sole discretion. All in-ground pools, 

hot tubs and appurtenances installed on any Lot within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall 

require the prior written approval of the ARC as set forth in this Declaration. The design 

must incorporate, at a minimum, the following: (i) the composition of the material must 

be thoroughly tested and accepted by the industry for such construction; (ii) any 

swimming pool or swimming pool/spa combination constructed on any Lot shall have an 

elevation at the top of the pool and spa (as applicable) of not over two feet (2') above the 

natural grade unless approved by the ARC; (iii) swimming pools, hot tubs and spas must 

be installed within a Pool/Patio Enclosure Of a design, color and material approved by the 

ARC and such enclosures shall be no higher than twelve feet (12') unless otherwise 

6 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3113 

7 of 10 

approved by the ARC and shall in no event be higher than the roof line of the Home. 

Pool/Patio Enclosures shall not extend beyond the sides Of the Home without express 

approval by the ARC. All pools and spa (as applicable) shall be adequately maintained 

and chlorinated (or cleaned with similar treatment). No diving boards, slides, or platforms 

shall be permitted. Under no circumstances may chlorinated water be discharged onto 

Other Owners' lawns, the Common Areas, the community streets, or into any water 

bodies within DEL WEBB BEXLEY or adjoining properties. Nothing herein shall be 

construed to restrict or prohibit compliance with the minimum requirements for 

installation, operation and maintenance of fences or other bawiers constituting safety 

barriers around swimming pools, hot tubs, spas and appurtenances on a Lot as may be 

required by the Pasco County Code or other governmental regulation or law, subject to 

the approval and additional requirements of the ARC. 

3. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 

shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended 

by this First Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 

right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any ponion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Page] 

7 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3114 

p * Of I 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this First Amendment to be executed 

as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print 

STATE OF FLORIP 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrument 

, 2018, by 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

Address: 2662 S. FalkenburgRd. 

Riverview, FL 33578 

0 ledged before 

day of 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf the 

company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

as identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SRE4NA 

"GG122a22 

Notary Pu ic Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

37b 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

8 
†
9815 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

G3115 

p * 9 Of I 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INCÑ a Florida not-for- 

profit corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the First Amendment 

to which this Joinder is attached, and the terms thereof are and shall be binding upon the 

Association and its successors and assigns. 

, IN WONESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this 

of 2018. 

WITNESSES: 

Pri 

ame 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Print Name: 

Title: 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

knpwledged be re me this day of 

of DEL WEBB 

not-for-profit corporation, on 

behalf of the corporation. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

as identification . 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA 

My #66122322 

JUL 

Bonded ttro$ StRte 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Flori 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

9 
†
9815 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

G3116 

100f10 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the 

Declaration), hereby joins in and consents to the First Amendment to which this Joinder is 

attached for the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this First Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence ofthe following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

Name: Aaron J. Baker 

Title: Vice President 

Print N ante: 

Print Name: 

Kirsten Lycett 

Lisa Budronis 

Address 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

STAT+ OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

"Ihe foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 1st day of November, 2018, 

by Aaron J. Baker as Vlce President of NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability 

company, on behalf of the company. He [ X ] She [ is personally known to me [ X ] or has 

as identification. 

produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

ARY SIGNATURE 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 

My Commission Expires: 

JUDITH ANNE JOSEPH 

Nota."/ Public, State ot Florida 

Commission No, GG 58484 

Commission Expires 12/27120 

10 

9821 PG 2967 

INSTR*2018197341 

OR BK 

1 of 6 

11/26/2018 AM Rcpt20D8206 Rec. 5260 OS: 0.00 IT: COO 

'I'aura s. O'Neil,- Th.'IJÑ Pasco County CTcrk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

msPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESER VED FOR RECORDING DATAó 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY ECLARA N FOR DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Second Amendment") is made as of 

2018, by 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact 

business in the state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 

and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, page 2623 as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, both in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida 

(collectively, the "'Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 Of the Declaration, prior to the 'Turnover" (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 Of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording Of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

003881 
†
9821 

OR BK 

G 2968 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Second Amendment to 

amend and restate Section 12.2 of the Declaration concerning ammals and pets which may be kept 

in Homes; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this Second Amendment, Declarant and the 

Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all Of the Lots and Common Area Tracts within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this Second Amendment to confirm its 

approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this Second Amendment to confirm its approval 

of and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Second Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the 

Association and Founder join in and consent to this Second Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 

incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall have 

the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

Amendment and Restatement Of Section 12.2. Section 12.2 is hereby amended 

2. 

and restated in its entirety to read as follows (additions underlined and deletions identified by 

strike-through): 

12.2 Animals. No animals of any kind shall be raised, bred or kept within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY for commercial purposes. Except as provided below, Owners may keep 

domestic pets as permitted by County ordinances and otherwise in 

accordance with the Rules and Regulations established by the Board from time to time. 

lizar'is. turtles and hamsters mav he without repara 

animals 'Lbreed or 

n umber 

and 

In accordance with Applicable lawóThe 

sn4kes. Pets may be kept or harbored in a Home only so long as such pets or animals do 

not constitute a nuisance. A determination by the Board that an animal or pet kept or 

harbored in a Home is a nuisance shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. Without 

limiting the generality of the forgoing, dog breeds or partial breeds that include pit bulls or 

other breeds deemed to be dangerous by the Board in its sole discretion are prohibited. All 

pets shall be walked on a leash. NO pet shall be permitted outside a Home unless such pet 

is kept on a leash or within an enclosed portion of the yard Of a Lot. NO pet or animal shall 

2 
†
9821 

OR BK 

G 2969 

p * 3 Of 6 

be "tied out" on the exterior of the Home or in the Common Area, or left unattended in a 

yard or on a balcony, porch, or patio. NO dog runs or enclosures shall be permitted on any 

Lot. When notice of removal of any pet is given by the Board, the pet shall be removed 

within forty-eight (48) hours of the giving Of the notice. The person walking the pet or the 

Owner shall clean up all matter created by the pet. Each Owner shall be responsible for 

the activities Of its pet. 

3. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 

Shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended by 

this Second Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 

right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pagel 

3 
†
9821 

OR BK 

G 2970 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Second Amendment to be executed 

as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Pri 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"DECLARANE 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

Print Name: 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL 33578 

owlede bef01e 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability 

company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

me this 

day of 

of 

company, on behalf of the 

as identification]. 

LISA MCGO'∆R.N 

MY COMMISSION #GG122E4 

EXPIRES 09, 2021 

Bcnded through 1st State inst.ïtance 

N ry Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires- 

4 
†
9821 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

G2971 

p * 5 Of 6 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Second Amendment to 

which this Joinder is attached, and the terms thereof are and shall be binding upon the Association 

and its successors and assigns. 

Oday 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this 

of 

Prin Name: 

Print Name: 

, 2018. 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Byr 

Title: 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrumen was ac o edged re me this _I_E day of 

2ó of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATIO , INC., a Flor da not-for-profit corporation, on 

behalf of the corporation. He [is personally known to me) [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL) 

as identification]. 

No y Public Signature 

N ry Public, State of Florida 

Commission NO.: a. 

My Commission Expires: 

5 
†
9821 

OR BK 

LOINDER OF FOUNDER 

G2972 

p * 6 Of 6 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Second Amendment to which this Joinder is attached for the 

purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval Of this Second Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: Aaron J. Baker 

Title: Vice President 

print N 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

Address 

Jose 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 16th day of November, 2018, 

by Aaron J. Baker, as Vlce President of NAP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, 

on behalf of the company. He X She [ ] is personally known to me or [ X ] has produced 

as identification. 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

TARY SIGNATURE 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 

My Commission Expires: 

JUDITH ANNE JOSEPH 

Notary Public, State of Forida 

Commission NO. GG 

% Commission Expires 12/27,20 

6 

0038811',17888r8472970v1 

9862 PG 717 

INSTR# 2019029687 OR BK 

Page 1 of6 

02/21/2019 03:32 PM Rcpt: 2030613 Rec: 52.50 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

TauCa S. 0%MeiC, Ph.D., Pasco County Clerk & ComptroCCer 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDNG DATA 

THIRD ANTNDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DFCLARATION FOR DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Third Amendment") is made as of re 

2019, by 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan liability company authorized to transact 

business in the State of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 

and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623 as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as amended by that certain Second Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, all in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 

"Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

1 
†
9862 G718 

OR BK 

Page 2 of 6 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Third Amendment to 

amend and restate Sections 17.11 and 17.12 of the Declaration to provide for an increase in the 

"Initial Contribution" and "Resale Contribution" (as such terms are defined in the Declaration), as 

more particularly set forth hereinbelow; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this Third Amendment, Declarant and the 

Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all of the Lots and Cornrnon Area Tracts within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this Third Amendment to confirm its 

approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this Third Amendment to confirm its approval of 

and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Third Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the Association 

and Founder join in and consent to this Third Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 

1. 

incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall have 

the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

Initial Contribution. Section 17.11 of the Declaration is hereby amended as 

2. 

follows (additions are double-undexlined, and deletions, if any, are 

"17.11 Initial Contribution. The first purchaser of a Lot from the Declarant shall pay to 

the Association an initial contribution in the amount of ONE THOUSAND AND 

DOLLARS ($1,000.00) 

(the 

"Initial Contribution") at the time of closing of the conveyance. The funds derived from 

the Initial Contributions are deemed income to the Association and shall be used at the 

discretion of Board for any purpose, including without limitation, future and existing 

capital improvements, Operating Expenses, support costs and start-up costs." 

Resale Contribution. Section 17.12 of the Declaration is hereby amended as 

3. 

follows (additions are double-underlined, and deletions, if any, are 

"17.12 Resale Contribution. After the Home has been conveyed by Declarant, there shall 

be collected from the purchaser upon every subsequent conveyance of an ownership 

interest in a Home by an Owner a resale contribution in the amount of ONE THOUSAND 

AND NO/iOO DOLLARS 000.00 

f-$800700+ (the "Resale Contribution"). The Board, in its discretion, may increase the 

amount of the Resale Contribution from time to time commencing on the date that is five 

(5) years after the date of recordation of this Declaration, provided, however, that the 

amount of such Resale Contribution may not increase at an aggregate rate in excess of two 

percent (2%) per year for the period commencing on the date of recordation of this 

Declaration through the effective date of such increase unless such additional increase is 

approved pursuant to an amendment to this Declaration pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof. 

2 

0038811 
†
9862 G719 

OR BK 

Page 3 of 6 

The Resale Contribution shall not be applicable to conveyances from or to Declarant or 

Founder. The funds derived from the Resale Contributions are income to the Association 

and shall be used at the discretion of Board for any purpose, including without limitation, 

future and existing capital improvements, Operating Expenses, support costs and start-up 

costs." 

Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 

4. 

shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended by 

this Third Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 

right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Page] 

3 
†
9862 G720 

OR BK 

Page 4 of 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Third Amendment to be executed 

as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print Name: 

ame: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

6 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

IS 

day of 

as ack o ledged before me this 

The foregoing instrument 

mc--LlP-¸Ê as Of 

2019, by 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf of the 

as identification]. 

company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

MY COMMISSION #GG122322 

EXPIRES: JUL 09, 2021 

Bonded through 1st State Insurance 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, Stat of Florid@ 

4Cl,guÊ_____ 

Commission No.. 

My Commission 

4 
†
9862 G721 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

Page 5 of 6 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Third Amendment to which 

this Joinder is attached, and the terms thereof are and shall be binding upon the Association and 

its successors and assigns. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this day 

2019. 

of 

WITNESSES: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF ) 

"ASSOCIATION' 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., 

corporation 

Print Na81e: 

Title: 

a Florida not-for-profit 

{ CORPORATE SEAL} 

The foregoing instrumen was acknpwledged bﬂ(ore me his 

day of 

of DEL WEBB 

2019, by 

BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATI N, INC., a not-for-profit corporation, on 

behalf of the corporation. He known to mel [has produced 

as identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

BGG122322 

09 

Bonded thi‹¸lih 1st State t. i 

Notary Pu li 

Notary Public, Sta o Florida 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: Cop-( 

5 
†
9862 G722 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

Page 6 of 6 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Third Amendment to which this Joinder is attached for the 

purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Third Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: Aaron J. Baker 

Title: Vice President 

Print N he: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

Address 

IDÊ≈ S 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 14th day of February, 2019, 

by Aaron J. Baker, as Vice President ofNNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, 

on behalf of the company. He [ X ] She [ 

] is personally known to me or [ X ] has produced 

as identification. 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

KIRSTEN LYCETT 

Notary Public - State of Florida 

Commission GG 116021 

My Comm. Expires Oct 15, 2021 

Bonded through National Notary Assn. 

ill 

003881 

NOTARY SIGNATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 661140 Zl 

My Commission Expires: 

6 

9929 PG 1953 

INSTR# 2019108484 OR BK 

Page 1 of 12 

06/27/2019 07:51 AM Rcpt: 2067290 Rec: 103.50 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

Paula S. O'Neil, Ph.D., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING DATA - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION 

AND FOURTH AMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION AND FOURTH AMENDMENT TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (the "Supplemental 

Declaration") is made as of June , 2019, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, 

LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact business in the State of Florida 

(the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 

INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a 

Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into 

that certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Arnendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second 

Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in 

Official Records Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, 

Page 717, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the "Declaration"); 

and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Declaration, capitalized 

terms used herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is the fee simple owner of certain property located in Pasco 

County, Florida which is contiguous to the Phase 1 Property and more particularly described on 

Exhibit "1" attached hereto and which Declarant intends to develop as Phase 2 of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY (such property being hereinafter described as the "Phase 2 Property"); and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration provides that prior to the Community 

Completion Date, additional lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant and 

1 
†
9929 G1954 

OR BK 

that such additional lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of the 

Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to the Declaration in the Public 

Records; and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration further provides that, except for applicable 

governmental approvals (if any) and the consent of Founder if such annexed additional lands are 

not part of the Additional Property, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from 

any other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or any Lenders); and 

WHEREAS, the Community Completion Date has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the Declarant has obtained all applicable governmental approvals required 

for the Phase 2 Property to be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brought within the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Phase 2 Property is part of the Additional Property and therefore the 

consent of Founder to this Supplemental Declaration annexing to Phase 2 Property as part of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY is not required; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant, as evidenced by its execution hereof, wishes and does hereby 

submit the Phase 2 Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brings the Phase 2 Property 

within the provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as 

defined in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, 

without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by 

applicable law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise 

expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Supplemental 

Declaration to (i) amend and restate the description of the Additional Property attached as 

Exhibit 5 to the Declaration, (ii) add additional definitions for the Phase 2 Property and Phase 2 

Plat to the Declaration and (iii) amend and restate Section 28.14 of the Declaration to modify 

certain disclosures regarding the Founder's Post Closing Agreement as a result of Declarant's 

acquisition of the Phase 2 Property from Founder and the miendment of the Founder's Post 

Closing Agreement in connection with same, all as more particularly set forth hereinbelow; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental Declaration to 

confirm its approval of and consent to same; and 

2 

Page 2 of 12 
†
9929 G1955 

OR BK 

Page 3 of 12 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental 

Declaration to confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant hereby supplements and amends the 

Declaration, and the Association and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Supplemental 

Declaration, as follows: 

Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein 

1. 

by reference. 

Ratification of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 

2. 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

Annexation of Phase 2 _P_roperty. Pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Declaration, the 

3. 

Phase 2 Property is hereby annexed into and made a part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and subjected 

to the covenants, conditions and restrictions of the Declaration. The Phase 2 Property shall be 

held, occupied, sold and conveyed subject to the Declaration, which is for the purpose of 

enhancing and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(including the Phase 2 Property) and which shall run with the title to DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(including the Phase 2 Property). 

Modification of Descriptiom of Additional Property on Exhibit 5 to the 

4. 

Declaration. The description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 5 to the Declaration 

is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the description of the Additional Property 

attached as Exhibit 5 to this Supplemental Declaration. 

Additional Definitions. The following additional definitions are hereby added to 

5. 

Section 2 of the Declaration: 

"Phase 2 Plat" shall mean any recorded subdivision plat of any part or all of the Phase 2 

Property. 

"Phase 2 Propertv" shall have the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Declaration 

and Fourth Amendment to the Declaration. 

Amendment and Restatement of Section 28.14. Section 28.14 of the Declaration 

6. 

is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows (deletions indicated by 

strikethrough and additions indicated by double underline): 

28.14 Additional PropgrLv Easements. Declarant and Founder have 

entered into that certain Development Rights and Post Closing Agreement 

recorded December 26, 2017 in Official Records Book 9654, Page 1561, as 

amended Amendment to Riuhts Post Closing 

A 2010 in ()ffieial *Book 990< Par 280 both of the 

recorded Via S" I 

Public Records (together the "Founder Post Closin A reement") setting forth 

certain agreements and granting certain easements with respect to the 

development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional Property, which is 

3 
†
9929 G1956 

OR BK 

currently owned by Founder and which Declarant has the obligation to purchase 

in one or more takedowns pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract. Such 

agreements and easements include the following: 

Access and Utility Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(a) 

28.14.1 

of the Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant has granted to Founder, for the 

benefit of the Additional Property, a non-exclusive easement for ingress and 

egress (the "Additional Property Access Easement") and a non-exclusive 

easement for utility purposes (the "Additional Propertv Utility Easement") over 

the portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY more particularly described on Exhibit "C" 

of the Founder Post Closing Agreement (the "Additional Propertv Access and 

Utility Easement Area"). The purpose of the Additional Property Access 

Easement and Additional Property Utility Easement is to provide a means of 

providing access and extending utilities to the Additional Property. The 

Additional Property Access Easement will automatically terminate upon 

conveyance by deed, or dedication by plat, of the Additional Property Access and 

Utilities Easement Area to the County or a community development district, 

which provides equivalent rights enabling the Additional Property to be served by 

public access. The Additional Property Utility Easement shall automatically 

terminate upon the grant or dedication of public utility easement(s) contiguous to 

the Additional Property, which provide equivalent rights enabling the Additional 

Property to be served by public utilities. 

Drainage Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) of the 

28.14.2 

Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant granted to Founder, for the benefit of 

the Additional Property, a non-exclusive drainage easement (the "Additional 

Property Drainage Easement") over, under, across and through the Phase I 

Property and Phase 2 Propgr_ty. Upon recording of the Phase 1 Plat angl±hase 

Plat, the Additional Property Drainage Easement shall be over only those portions 

of the Phase 1 Property constituting drainage areas which 

serve to provide drainage to the Additional Property (together the "Additional 

Property Drainage Easement Areas"). The Additional Property Drainage 

Easement shall automatically terminate upon the grant or dedication of public 

drainage easement(s) contiguous to the Additional Property which provide 

equivalent rights enabling the Additional Property to be served by public 

drainage. 

Maintenance of Easement Areas. Paragraph 2(d) of the 

28.14.3 

Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that Declarant will maintain the 

Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area and Additional Property 

Drainage Easement Areas owned by it in good condition and repair in compliance 

with all Applicable Laws, as defined in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. The 

Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area constitutes Common Area 

under this Declaration. Accordingly, Declarant hereby assigns to the Association, 

and the Association, by its joinder in this Declaration, hereby accepts, assumes 

and agrees to perform, all duties and obligations to maintain the Additional 

Property Access and Utility Easement Area in accordance with the Founder Post 

4 

0038811 

Page 4 of 12 
†
9929 G1957 

OR BK 

Closing Agreement. The Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas within 

the Phase 1 Plat and Phase 2 will be dedicated to the CDD by the Phase 1 Plat 

and Phase 2 Plat and shall be maintained by the CDD in accordance with the 

CDD Documents. 

Additional Terrns and Non-Modification. The disclosures 

regarding the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this Section 28.14 are 

provided for informational purposes and are not intended to provide a complete 

summary of all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Founder Post 

Closing Agreement. Additional terms, conditions and covenants with respect to 

the Additional Property Access and Utility Easement and Additional Property 

Drainage Easement and additional covenants and agreements regarding the 

development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional Property are more 

particularly set forth in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. Neither the 

disclosures regarding the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this 

Section 28.14 nor Founder's joinder in this Declaration shall serve to modify, 

negate, waive or in any other way alter the terms, covenants and conditions of the 

Founder Post Closing Agreement or the enforcement of any rights, obligations 

and remedies arising from or under the Founder Post Closing Agreement. 

Release of Lots, Common Areas and CDD Tracts. 

28.145 

Paragraph 14 of the Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that, except as 

provided hereinbelow, the Founder Post Closing Agreement shall automatically 

terminate and be of no further force and effect with respect to any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY transferred to the CDD, the Association (as the "Neighborhood 

Association" under the Founder Post Closing Agreement) or any Owner who 

acquires title to a Lot with a Home. Such Paragraph 14 also provides that, 

notwithstanding the foregoing termination of the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement with respect to property transferred to the CDD, Association and any 

such Owner, the terms of Paragraph 2 of the Additional Property Agreement shall 

not terminate and shall remain in effect with respect to any Lot, Common Area or 

CDD Tract in DEL WEBB BEXLEY containing either the Additional Property 

Access and Utility Easement Area or the Additional Property Drainage Easement 

Areas. 

Except as herein specifically 

Effect of Supplemental Declaration. 

7. 

supplemented and amended, the Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance 

with its terms. The Declaration, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental 

Declaration, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any right, title or 

interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the Phase 2 Property) or any portion thereof, and 

their respective heirs, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pages/ 

5 

Page 5 of 12 
†
9929 G1958 

OR BK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Supplemental Declaration to be 

executed as of the date and year first above written. 

Page 6 of 12 

WITNESSES: 

ame: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOIvm COME' MY. LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Prin Name: 

Title: 

ee 

ïAddress: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

The foregoing instrument pasrr ackno 

2019, by 

PULTE HOME COIVWANY, LLC, a Michi an 

company. He/She 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

day of 

ledged before me his 

of 

as 

limited liability company, on behalf of the 

or [has produced 

as 

identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

MY COMMISSION #GG122322 

EXPIRES: JUL 09, 2021 

Bonded through 1st State insurance 

0038811 

Notary R lic Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

6 
†
9929 G1959 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for- 

profit corporation (the ' 'Ascorintion"), does hereby join in and consent to the Supplemental 

Declaration to which this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof 

are and shall be binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this _2_Qday 

2019. 

Page 7 of 12 

WITNESSES: 

Prin Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORDA 

COUNTY OF 

"ASSOCIATION' 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

By: 

Print Name- 

Title: 

{CORPORATE SEAL) 

7) 

day of 

The foregoing instrument was *ickaqow edged b Ore me this 

6 r:ic/ 

as of DEL WEBB 

2019, by 

BEX EY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATIO INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation, on 

to me] or [has 

behalf of the corporation. He/She 

as identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

Notary PI Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: / 22-3 

My Commission Expires: on - o el 

7 

produced 

2-0 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

MY COMMtSSlON #GG122322 

D(PIRES: JUL 09, 2021 

Bonded through 1st State Insurance 

0038811 
†
9929 G1960 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the 

Declaration), hereby joins in and consents to the Supplemental Declaration to which this Joinder 

is attached for the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Supplemental 

Page 8 of 12 

Declaration. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: 

Title: L//ee 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

Kirsten Lycett 

Lisa Budronis 

Address 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this / 9 day of 

, 2019, by 

as Vice 

of 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He [ 

She [ ] is personally known to me or [ ] has produced 

as identification. 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

KIRSTEN LYCETT 

Notary Public - State of Flerida 

Cammission GG 

My Comm. Expires Oct 1 5, 2021 

Bonded through Nalional Notuy Assn. 

NOTARY SIGNATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: CO/ / & oz / 

My Commission Expires: 'S. 202 a 

8 
†
9929 G1961 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT "1" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2 

Page 9 of 12 

DESCRIPTION: A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10 and 15, Township 26 south, Range 18 

East, Pasco County, Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Easterlymost corner of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, according to the 

plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 130 inclusive, of the Public Records 

of Pasco County, Florida, for a P01NT OF BEGINNING, run thence along the Northerly 

boundary of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, the following nine (9) courses: 1) 

N.61000'00"W., 1420.83 feet to a point on a curve; 2) Northeasterly, 212.81 feet along the arc of 

a curve to the left having a radius of 657.00 feet and a central angle of 18033B 1 " (chord bearing 

N.34046'46"E., 211.88 feet) to a point of tangency; 3) N.25030'00"E., 281.91 feet to a point of 

curvature; 4) Easterly, 40.33 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 

feet and a central angle of 9202544" (chord bearing N. 71042'52"E., 36.10 feet); 5) 

N.27055'44"E., 80.00 feet to a point on a curve; 6) Northwesterly, 183.50 feet along the arc of a 

curve to the left having a radius of 2040.00 feet and a central angle of 05009' 14" (chord bearing 

N.64038'54"W., 183.44 feet); 7) S.22046'29"W., 80.00 feet to a point on a curve; 8) Westerly, 

353.00 feet along the arc of said curve to the left having a radius of 1960.00 feet and a central 

angle of 10019109" (chord bearing N. 72023105" W., 352.52 feet) to a point of reverse curvature; 9) 

Northwesterly, 421.00 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 540.00 feet and 

a central angle of 44040'12" (chord bearing N.5501233"W., 410.42 feet); thence N.57045'00"E., 

80.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"E., 655.11 feet; thence N.80000'OO"E., 592.98 feet; thence 

S.7200ffOO"E., 772.65 feet; thence N.84000'OO"E., 500.00 feet; thence N.06000'OO"W., 100.00 

feet; thence N.04051'15"W., 50.01 feet; thence N. 10006t00"W., 64.63 feet; thence 

N.18018'OO"W., 64.63 feet; thence N.26030'OO"W., 64.63 feet; thence N.60037'08"E., 67.72 feet 

to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 1361.32 feet along the arc of a curve to the right 

having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 54034'55" (chord bearing S.26042'32"E., 

1310.42 feet) to a point of tangency; thence S.00034'55"W., 554.00 feet to a point of curvature; 

thence Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 

feet and a central angle of 90000'00" (chord bearing S.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet) to a point of 

tangency; thence N.89025'05"W., 174.00 feet to a point of curvature; thence Southwesterly, 

1151.12 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 feet and a central 

(chord bearing s.59047'28"W., 1096.51 feet) to the POINT OF 

angle of 61034'55" 

BEGINNING. 

9 

0038811 
†
9929 G1962 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 5 

ADDITIONAL PROPERTY 

Page 10 of 12 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco 

County, Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest Corner of said Section 15; Thence along the West boundary of 

said Section 15, N.OOOI 7'40"E., a distance of 2708.68 feet; thence leaving said West Boundary, 

S.8904220"E., a distance of 200.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING; thence N.OOOI 740"E., 

a distance of 118.08 feet; thence Northerly, 1316.81 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the 

left having a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 34017'40" (chord bearing 

N.1605VIO"W., 1297.24 feet); thence N.34000'OO"W., a distance of 316.72 feet; thence 

Northwesterly, 488.69 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 

2000.00 feet and a central angle of 1400000" (chord bearing N.27000'00"W., 487.48 feet); 

thence N.20000'00"W., a distance of 316.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 1814.27 feet along the 

arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 47015100" 

(chord bearing N.43037'30"W., 1763.29 feet); thence N.22045'OO"E., a distance of 25.00 feet; 

thence N.02000'00"W., a distance of 1730.04 feet; thence N. 10045'00"W., a distance of 752.72 

feet; thence Northeasterly, 1 106.69 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a 

radius of 1371.00 feet and a central angle of 46015100" (chord bearing N.56007'30"E., 1076.89 

feet); thence N.3300ff00"E., a distance of 298.39 feet; thence Northeasterly, 448.93 feet along 

the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 

18000100" (chord bearing N.42000'OO"E., 447.09 feet); thence N.51000'OO"E., a distance of 

109.14 feet; thence Easterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a 

radius of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 90000'00" (chord bearing S.84000'00"E., 35.36 feet); 

thence S.39000'00"E., a distance of 28.69 feet; thence Southeasterly, 546.26 feet along the arc of 

a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 2105408" 

(chord bearing S.2800256"E., 542.94 feet); thence Southeasterly, 1505.37 feet along the arc of a 

reverse curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 54054'08" (chord 

bearing S.44032'56"E., 1448.43 feet); thence S. 7200ff00"E., a distance of 275.00 feet; thence 

Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 

1429.00 feet and a central angle of 44059'43" (chord bearing S.49030'08"E., 1093.60 feet); 

thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the left having a radius of 

1571.00 feet and a central angle of 26059'43" (chord bearing S.40030'08"E., 733.36 feet); thence 

Southeasterly, 1361.32 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the right having a radius of 

1429.00 feet and a central angle of 5403455" (chord bearing S.26042'32"E., 1310.42 feet); 

thence S.00034'55"W., a distance of 554.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc 

of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 90000'00" 

(chord bearing s.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet); thence N.89025'05"W., a distance of 174.00 feet; 

thence Southwesterly, 1319.35 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 

1071.00 feet and a central angle of 70034'55" (chord bearing S.5501728"W., 1237.50 feet); 

thence S.20000'00"W., a distance of 1257.25 feet; thence Southwesterly, 1257.28 feet along the 

arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 

10 
†
5002439" (chord bearing s.4501219"W., 1217.12 feet); thence s.70024'39"W., a distance of 

75.50 feet; thence Northwesterly, 67.12 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a 

radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 10905301 " (chord bearing N.54038'51 "W., 57.30 feet) 

to the POINT OF BEGINNING. 

LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

All of the real property described as Del Webb Bexley Phase 1, according to the plat thereof 

recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 130, inclusive, of the Public Records of Pasco 

County, Florida. 

ALSO LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9 and 10 and 15, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco 

County, Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southeast corner of said Section 10, run thence along the South Boundary 

of said Section 10, N.89025'05"W, a distance of 2562.12 feet; thence leaving said South 

boundary, perpendicularly, N.00034'55"E., a distance of 162.00 feet to the POINT OF 

BEGINNING; thence N.89025'05"W., a distance of 174.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 942,17 

feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 feet and a central 

angle of 50024'14" (chord bearing S.6502248"W., 912.08 feet) to the Northerly boundary of 

those lands as described in Official Records Book 9654, Page 1558 of the Public records of 

Pasco County, Florida thence along the Northerly boundary of said lands the following thirty-six 

(36) courses; l) N.49049'19"W., a distance of 73.06 feet; 2) S.6901 lt00"W., a distance of 65.97 

9929 G1963 

OR BK 

feet; 21) 

feet; 23) 

24) s.65056'00"W., 

feet; 25) 

feet; 27) 

26) N.78052'OO"W., 

feet; 29) 

feet; 31) 

32) N.33056'OO"E., 

feet; 35) 

Page 11 of 12 

feet; 3) s.78055'33"W., a distance of 77.33 feet; 4) S.89026'27"W., 

N.80049'OO"W., 

N.4405700"W., 

N.27001'OO"W., 

N.06018'26"W., 

N.08012'45"E., 

N.68007'OO"W., 

N.59023'OO"W., 

s.24026'00"W., 

s.48020'00"W., 

s.83032'00"W., 

N.56004'OO"W., 

N. 15040'OO"W., 

N. 1903200"E., 

N.43026tOO"E., 

N.33056'OO"E., 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 6) N. 71051 'OO"W., 

N.62053'OO"W., a distance of 65.97 feet; 8) N.53055'OO"W., 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a distance of 77.33 feet; 5) 

distance of 65.97 feet; 7) 

distance of 65.97 feet; 9) 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 75.98 feet; 

a distance of 50.01 feet; 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

of 57.98 

of 57.98 

of 50.70 

of 50.60 

of 55.73 

of 72.59 

of 55.73 

of 50.60 

of 50.70 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

10) N.35059'OO"W., 

12) N.18007'34"W., 

14) N.02035'OO"E., 

16) N.2702V56"W., 

18) N.63045'OO"W., 

20) N.530 

3605" W. , 

22) s.330 

56'00"W., 

28) N.33016'OO"W., 

30) N.01056'OO"E., 

34) 

N.61058'32"E., 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

of 65.97 

of 75.98 

of 65.97 

of 36.15 

of 57.98 

of 20.29 

of 52.74 

of 55.73 

of 64.16 

of 64.16 

of 55.73 

of 52.74 

of 56.65 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

11) 

13) 

15) 

17) 

19) 

33) 

a distance of 70.63 feet; 36) N.61011 '25" W. , a distance of 60.27 feet to the 

Northerly boundary of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, according to the plat thereof, as 

recorded in Plat Book 77, Page 116 of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida; thence 

along the Northerly boundary of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1 and the Northerly 

boundary those lands as described in Official Records Book 9654, Page 1558 of the Public 

11 
†
9929 G1964 

OR BK 

records of Pasco County, Florida, the following two (2) courses; 1) N.27055'44"E., a distance of 

80.00 feet; 2) Northwesterly, 183.50 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a 

radius of 2040.00 feet and a central angle of 05009114" (chord bearing N.64038'54"W., 183.44 

feet); thence leaving said Northerly boundary of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1 and 

continuing along the Northerly boundary of those lands as described in Official Records Book 

9654, Page 1558 of the Public records of Pasco County, Florida, the following three (3) courses; 

1) Westerly, 367.41 feet continuing along the arc of said curve to the left having a radius of 

2040.00 feet and a central angle of 10019'09" (chord bearing N.72023'05"W., 366.91 feet); 2) 

S. 12027'21 "W., a distance of 80.00 feet; 3) Northwesterly, 421.00 feet along the arc of a non- 

tangent curve to the right having a radius of 540.00 feet and a central angle of 44040/12" (chord 

bearing N.55012'33"W., 410.42 feet); thence leaving said Northerly boundary, N.57045'00"E., a 

distance of 80.01 feet; thence N.49000'00"E., a distance of 655.11 feet; thence N.80000'00'tE., a 

distance of 592.98 feet; thence S. 72000'00"E., a distance of 772.65 feet; thence N.84000'00"E., a 

distance of 500.00 feet; thence N.06000'00"W., a distance of 100.00 feet; thence N.04051 '15"W., 

a distance of 50.01 feet; thence N. 10006'OO"W., a distance of 64.63 feet; thence N. 18018100"W., 

a distance of 64.63 feet; thence N.26030'00"W., a distance of 64.63 feet; thence N.60037'08"E., a 

distance of 67.72 feet; thence Southeasterly, 1361.32 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to 

the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 54034'55" (chord bearing 

S.26042'32"E., 1310.42 feet); thence S.0003455"W., a distance of 554.00 feet; thence 

Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 

feet and a central angle of 90000'00" (chord bearing s.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet) to the POINT 

OF BEGINNING. 

12 

Page 12 of 12 

10059 PG 2633 

INSTR# 2020033585 OR BK 

Page 1 of 11 

02/26/2020 02:46 PM Rcpt: 2139264 Rec: 95.00 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING DATA- 

SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION 

AND FIFTH AMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(PHASE 3) 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION AND FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DE WEBB BEXLEY (PHASE 3) (the 

"Supplemental Declaration") is made as of 

2020, by PULTE HOME 

COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company aut.horized to transact business in the 

State of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP- 

BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 

to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 

Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, Page 717, and as 

supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 

9929, Page 1953, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 

"Declaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Declaration, capitalized terms 

used herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is the fee simple owner of certain property located in Pasco 

County, Florida which is contiguous to the Phase 2 Property and more particularly described on 

Exhibit "l" attached hereto and which Declarant intends to develop as Phase 3 of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY (such property being hereinafter described as the "Phase 3 Property"); and 

1 

Ivi 
†
10059 G2634 

OR BK 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration provides that prior to the Community 

Completion Date, additional lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant and 

that such additional lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of the 

Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to the Declaration in the Public 

Records; and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration further provides that, except for applicable 

governmental approvals (if any) and the consent of Founder if such annexed additional lands are 

not part of the Additional Property, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from any 

other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or any Lenders); and 

WHEREAS, the Community Completion Date has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the Declarant has obtained all applicable governmental approvals required 

for the Phase 3 Property to be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brought within the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Phase 3 Property is part of the Additional Property and therefore the 

consent of Founder to this Supplemental Declaration annexing to Phase 3 Property as part of DEL 

BEXLEY is not required; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant, as evidenced by its execution hereof, wishes and does hereby 

submit the Phase 3 Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brings the Phase 3 Property 

within the provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Supplemental 

Declaration to (i) amend and restate the description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 

5 to the Declaration,(ii) add additional definitions for the Phase 3 Property and Phase 3 Plat to the 

Declaration and (iii) amendment of portions of Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 28.14.3 of the 

Declaration to modify certain disclosures regarding the Founder's Post Closing Agreement as a 

result of Declarant's acquisition of the Phase 3 Property from Founder and the amendment of the 

Founder's Post Closing Agreement in connection with same, all as more particularly set forth 

hereinbelow; and 

2 

Page 2 of 11 
†
10059 G2635 

OR BK 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental Declaration to 

confirm its approval of and consent to same; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental 

Declaration to confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant hereby supplements and amends the 

Declaration, and the Association and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Supplemental 

Declaration, as follows: 

Page 3 of 11 

1. 

reference. 

2. 

Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein by 

Ratification of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

3. 

Annexation of Phase 3 Property. Pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Declaration, the 

Phase 3 Property is hereby annexed into and made a part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and subjected 

to the covenants, conditions and restrictions of the Declaration. The Phase 3 Property shall be 

held, occupied, sold and conveyed subject to the Declaration, which is for the purpose of enhancing 

and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness of DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the 

Phase 3 Property) and which shall run with the title to DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the Phase 

3 Property). 

4. 

Modification or Description of Additional 5 to the Declaration. 

The description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 5 to the Declaration is hereby 

deleted in its entirety and replaced with the description of the Additional Property attached as 

Exhibit 5 to this Supplemental Declaration. 

5. 

Additional Definitions. The following additional definitions are hereby added to 

Section 2 of the Declaration: 

"Phase 3 Plat" shall mean any recorded subdivision plat of any part or all of the Phase 3 

Property. 

"Phase 3 Property" shall have the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Declaration and 

Fifth Amendment to the Declaration. 

6. 

Amendment of Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 28.14.3. Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 

28.14.3 of the Declaration are hereby amended to read as follows (additions are double-underlined, 

and deletions, if any, are 

"28. 14.2 

Drainage Easelnenl. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) of the 

Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant granted to Founder, for the benefit of 

the Additional Property, a non-exclusive drainage easement (the "Additional 

Property Drainage Easement") over, under, across and through the Phase 1 

Propert% and-Phase 2 Property and Phase 3 Upon recording of the Phase 

3 

003881 
†
10059 G2636 

OR BK 

1 Plata and-Phase 2 Plat and Phase 3 Plat, the Additional Property Drainage 

Easement shall be over only those portions of the Phase 1 Propert% a-Rïd-Phase 2 

Property constituting drainage areas which serve to provide 

drainage to the Additional Property (together the "Additional Property Drainage 

Easement Areas"). The Additional Property Drainage Easement shall 

automatically terminate upon the grant or dedication of public drainage easement(s) 

contiguous to the Additional Property which provide equivalent rights enabling the 

Additional Property to be served by public drainage. 

Maintenance of Easement Areas. Paragraph 2(d) of the 

28.14.3 

Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that Declarant will maintain the 

Additional Property-Access and Utility Easement Area and Additional Property 

Drainage Easement Areas owned by it in good condition and repair in compliance 

with all Applicable Laws, as defined in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. The 

Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area constitutes Common Area 

under this Declaration. Accordingly, Declarant hereby assigns to the Association, 

and the Association, by its joinder in this Declaration, hereby accepts, assumes and 

agrees to perform, all duties and obligations to maintain the Additional Property 

Access and Utility Easement Area in accordance with the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement. The Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas within the Phase 1 

Plata and-Phase 2 Plal and Phase 3 Plat will be dedicated to the CDD by the Phase 

1 Plats andóPhase 2 Plat and Phase 3 Plat and shall be maintained by the CDD in 

accordance with the CDD Documents." 

Effect of Supplemental Declaration. Except as herein specifically supplemented 

7. 

and amended, the Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

The Declaration, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Declaration, shall be binding 

upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY (including the Phase 3 Property) or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pages] 

4 

Page 4 of 11 
†
10059 

OR BK 

G 2637 

Page 5 of 11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Supplemental Declaration to be 

executed as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Prin am 

Title: 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

or I 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means physical presence 

online notarization, this Q_Q__ da of 

2020, by 

of PULTE OME COMPANY, 

as 

LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He/She [is personally 

known to rne.l or [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

STEPHANIE ORIGLIA 

MY COMMISSION #GG298476 

b(PlRES: FEB 05, 2023 

Bonded through 1st State Insurance 

IVI 

as identification]. 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: C 6 9 XL..n 

My Commission Expires: 

5 
†
10059 G2638 

OR BK 

*IOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Supplemental Declaration 

to which this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof are and shall 

be binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this day 

Page 6 of 11 

of 

WITNESSES: 

, 2020. 

"ASSOCIATION' 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Print Name: 

By: 

Int Name: 

Print Name: ( Title: 

{CORPORATE SEAL} 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrument was ucknowle ged before me by means of 

physical resence 

] online notarization, this 20 day Of 

2020, by 

or [ 

pÊucz_______ of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMU ITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida 

not-for-profit corporation. on behalf of the corporation. He/She fis personally known to me] or 

[has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

as identification]. 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

c 90 

Commission No.: -7 

My Commission Expires: r 

6 
†
10059 G2639 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Supplemental Declaration to which this Joinder is attached for 

the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Supplemental Declaration. 

Page 7 of 11 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: 

Tit I e 

Print Name: 

Print ame: 

STATE OF FLOR D 

COUNTY OF 

Kirsten Lycett 

Judy∆osephó 

Address 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of ] physical presence 

or [_] online notarization, this 

day Of by 

of NNP-BCXLEY, LLC, a 

as 

Florida limited liability cotnpany. on behalCo[' the eoinpany. I-te [X] She [ 

I is personally known 

to me or [ ] has produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

.11 'L. 1' 

KIRSTEN LYCETT 

Notary Public - State of Floridd 

Commission GG 1 16021 

My Comm. Expires Oct 15, 2021 

Bonded through National Notary Assn 

as identification. 

44--ó-----m 

NOTARY SIG ƒTURE 

Kirsten Lygett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: / ("021 

My Commission Expires: .ï5.z-l 

7 
†
10059 G2640 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 1 

(Legal Description of the Phase 3 Property) 

DESCRIPTION: A parcel of land lying in Sections 9 and 10, Township 26 South, Range 18 

East, Pasco County, Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Northeasterly corner of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, according to the 

plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 80, Pages 128 through 138 inclusive, of the Public Records 

of Pasco County, Florida, for a POINT OF BEGINNING, run thence along the Northerly 

boundary of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, the following eleven (11) courses: 1) 

s.60037'08"W., 67.72 feet; 2) S.2603ffOOt'E., 64.63 feet; 3) S.18018tOO"E., 64.63 feet; 4) 

S. 10006'OO"E., 64.63 feet; 5) S.04051'15"E., 50.01 feet; 6) S.06000'OO"E., 100.00 feet; 7) 

s.84000'00"W., 500.00 feet; 8) N.72000'OO"W., 772.65 feet; 9) s.80000'00"W., 592.98 feet; 10) 

s.49000'00"W., 655.11 feet; 11) S.57045'OO"W., 80.00 feet to the Westerlymost corner of said 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, also being a point on the Northerly boundary of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY PHASE l, according to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 

130 inclusive, of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida; thence along said Northerly 

boundary of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, continue S.57045'OO"W., 207.85 feet; thence 

N.42000'OO"W., 832.65 feet; thence N.0200ffOO"E., 818.82 feet; thence S.80000'OO'tE., 434.54 feet 

to a point on a curve; thence Northerly, 100.31 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a 

radius of 460.00 feet and a central angle of 12029'41 " (chord bearing N. 1601451 "E. , 100.12 feet); 

thence N.49000'OO"W., 122.00 feet; thence N.41000'OOt'E., 59.00 feet; thence N.49000fOO"W., 

68.50 feet; thence N.41000'OO"E., 62.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"W., 31.50 feet; thence 

N.41 OOO'OO"E., 177.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"W., 50.00 feet; thence N.34000'OO"W., 390.26 

feet; thence N.32000t00"E., 808.11 feet to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 1085.34 feet 

along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 39035'00" 

(chord bearing S.52012'30"E., 1063.88 feet) to a point of tangency; thence S.72000'OO"E., 275.00 

feet to a point of curvature; thence Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a curve to the right 

having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 4405943" (chord bearing S.49030'08"E., 

1093.60 feet) to a point of reverse curvature; thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a 

curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 2605943" (chord bearing 

S.40030'08"E., 733.36 feet) to the POINT OF BEGINNING. 

8 

Page 8 of 11 
†
10059 G2641 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 5 

ADDITIONAL PROPERTY 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco 

County, Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest Corner of said Section 15; Thence along the West boundary of 

said Section 15, N.0001740"E., a distance of 2708.68 feet; thence leaving said West Boundary, 

S.8904220"E., a distance of 200.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGNNNGï, thence N.OOO 1740"E., a 

distance of 118.08 feet; thence Northerly, 1316.81 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left 

having a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 3401740" (chord bearing N. 16051' IO"W., 

1297.24 feet); thence N.34000'00"W., a distance of 316.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 488.69 feet 

along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 2000.00 feet and a central angle of 

14000'00'1 (chord bearing N.27000tOO"W., 487.48 feet); thence N.2000ffOO"W., a distance of 

316.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 1814.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having 

a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 47015'00" (chord bearing N.43037'30"W., 1763.29 

feet); thence N.22045'OO"E., a distance of 25.00 feet; thence N.0200ffOO"W., a distance of 1730.04 

feet; thence N. 10045'00"W., a distance of 752.72 feet; thence Northeasterly, 1106.69 feet along 

the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 1371.00 feet and a central angle of 

46015'00" (chord bearing N.56007'30"E., 1076.89 feet); thence N.33000'OO"E., a distance of 

298.39 feet; thence Northeasterly, 448.93 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having 

a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 1800000" (chord bearing N.42000'00"E., 447.09 

feet); thence N.51000t00"E., a distance of 109.14 feet; thence Easterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of 

a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 90000'00" (chord 

bearing S.8400ffOO"E., 35.36 feet); thence S.39000fOO"E., a distance of 28.69 feet; thence 

Southeasterly, 546.26 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 

feet and a central angle of 2105408" (chord bearing S.28002'56"E., 542.94 feet); thence 

Southeasterly, 1505.37 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 

feet and a central angle of 5405408" (chord bearing S.4403256"E., 1448.43 feet); thence 

S. 72000'00"E., a distance of 275.00 feet; thence Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a 

tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 44059'43" (chord 

bearing S.49030'08'E., 1093.60 feet); thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a reverse 

curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 2605943" (chord bearing 

S.40030f08"E., 733.36 feet); thence Southeasterly, 1361.32 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to 

the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 5403455" (chord bearing 

S.26042'32"E., 1310.42 feet); thence S.00034'55"W., a distance of 554.00 feet; thence 

Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet 

and a central angle of 90000100" (chord bearing S.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet); thence 

N.89025'05"W., a distance of 174.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 1319.35 feet along the arc of a 

tangent curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 feet and a central angle of 70034'55" (chord 

bearing s.55017'28"W., 1237.50 feet); thence s.20000'00"W., a distance of 1257.25 feet; thence 

Southwesterly, 1257.28 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 

feet and a central angle of 5002439" (chord bearing S.45012t19"W., 1217.12 feet); thence 

S. 7002439" W., a distance of 75.50 feet; thence Northwesterly, 67.12 feet along the arc of a tangent 

9 

Page 9 of 11 
†
10059 G2642 

OR BK 

curve to the right having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 10905301 " (chord bearing 

N.54038'51 57.30 feet) to the PONT OF BEGNNNG. 

LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

All of the real property described as Del Webb Bexley Phase 1, according to the plat thereof 

recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 130, inclusive, of the Public Records of Pasco 

County, Florida. 

ALSO LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

All of the real property described as Del Webb Bexley Phase 2, according to the plat thereof 

recorded in Plat Book 80, Pages 128 through 138, inclusive, of the Public Records of Pasco 

County, Florida. 

ALSO LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY (Phase 3 

Property): 

DESCRmION: A parcel of land lying in Sections 9 and 10, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, 

Pasco County, Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Northeasterly corner of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, according to the 

plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 80, Pages 128 through 138 inclusive, of the Public Records 

of Pasco County, Florida, for a PONT OF BEGINNNG, run thence along the Northerly boundary 

of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, the following eleven (11) courses: 1) s.60037'08"W., 

67.72 feet; 2) S.26030'OO"E., 64.63 feet; 3) S. 18018'OO"E., 64.63 feet; 4) S. 10006100"E., 64.63 

feet; 5) S.04051 '15"E., 50.01 feet; 6) S.06000'OO"E., 100.00 feet; 7) s.84000'00'tw., 500.00 feet; 

8) N.72000'OO"W., 772.65 feet; 9) s.80000'00'tw., 592.98 feet; 10) s.49000'00"W., 655.11 feet; 

1 1) s.57045'00"W., 80.00 feet to the Westerlymost corner of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 

2, also being a point on the Northerly boundary of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, according 

to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 130 inclusive, of the Public 

Records of Pasco County, Florida; thence along said Northerly boundary of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY PHASE 1, continue s.57045'00"W., 207.85 feet; thence N.42000'OO"W., 832.65 feet; 

thence N.02000'00"E., 818.82 feet; thence S.8000ff00"E., 434.54 feet to a point on a curve; thence 

Northerly, 100.31 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 460.00 feet and a 

central angle of 1202941" (chord bearing N. 1601451 100.12 feet); thence N.49000t00"W., 

122.00 feet; thence N.4100ffOO"E., 59.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"W., 68.50 feet; thence 

N.41 OOO'OO'E., 62.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"W., 31.50 feet; thence N.41 OOO'OO"E., 177.00 feet; 

thence N.49000'OO"W., 50.00 feet; thence N.3400ffOO"W., 390.26 feet; thence N.32000'OO"E., 

808.11 feet to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 1085.34 feet along the arc of a curve to 

the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 39035'00" (chord bearing 

S.52012'30"E., 1063.88 feet) to a point of tangency; thence S. 72000'00'E., 275.00 feet to a point 

of curvature; thence Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a 

radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 44059'43" (chord bearing S.49030t08"E., 1093.60 

feet) to a point of reverse curvature; thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a curve to 

10 

0038811 1 VI 

Page 10 of 11 
†
10059 G2643 

OR BK 

Page 11 of 11 

the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 2605943" 

S.4003ff08"E., 733.36 feet) to the PONT OF BEGNNNG. 

11 

(chord bearing 

10063 PG 446 

2020037050 

INSTR# 

OR BK 

03/03/2020 11:44AM Rcpt 2141026 Rec:61 OO OS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

óóSPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING DATA..- 

SIXTH AMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DE ARAI*ION FOR DEI. 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Sixth Amendment") is made as of 

2020, by 

PULITE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited iiability company a thorized to transact 

business in the state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 

and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ET H: 

WHEREAS. Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 

to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 

Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, Page 717, and as 

supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 

9929, Page 1953, and as supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and 

Fifth Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 26, 2020 in 

Official Records Book 10059, Page 2633, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida 

(collectively, the "Declaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Sixth Amendment, capitalized terms used 

herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 ofthe Declaration, prior to the 'Turnover' (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

0038811M 74366W431369v4 

I Of 7 
†
10063 

OR BK 

G 447 

page 2 of 7 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Sixth Amendment to 

(i) allow an Owner to install a temporary storage/moving container on such Owner's driveway in 

order to facilitate such Owner or their Lessee moving in or moving out of such Owner's Home 

subject to certain conditions as more particularly set forth hereinbelow, (ii) set forth procedures 

and requirements pursuant to which an Owner, with the approval of the ARC and at such Owner's 

sole cost and expense, may request that the Association replace Street Trees located in the 

Common Area Roadway Tracts (as such terms are defined below) adjacent to their Lots, all as 

more particularly set forth hereinbelow; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Sixth Amendment to confirm 

its approval of and consent to same; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Sixth Amendment to 

confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Sixth Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the Association 

and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Sixth Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein by 

reference. 

2. Ratification Of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

Amendment and Restatement of Section 12.36 Regarding Stori!ge. Section 

3. 

12.36 of the Declaration is hereby amended and restated to read as follows (additions are 

and deletions, if any, are 

S_gtagg. No temporary or permanent utility or storage shed, 

"12.36 

storage building, tent, or other structure or improvement shall be permitted and no 

other structure or improvement shall be constructed, erected, altered, modified or 

maintained. 

2 
†
10063 

OR BK 

G 448 

3 Of 7 

Owner install_a_ ternoorar.,ï storage/moving container on such Qwner's 

drivewav. unless_ﬂii written notice to at 

nrior go the_prouosed date or install aEinn ot such temporarv_ 

cati n 

uch installati 

such exoresslv assumes and and save and 

bo!d harmless the Indemnified Parties from actions. iniuries_ 

ama¯es. ur anv 

claims. 

in conqp$tinn with. as a result of or in anv wav relating Che 

removal such_lemoqrarv incltld.tnp_ 

to such Owner's 

dew 

Water softeners, trash containers, pool pumps, filters and equipment 

and other similar devices shall be properly screened from the street in a manner 

approved by the ARC." 

4. Addition of Section 10.15 Regarding Replacement Street frees. The following 

Section 10.15 is hereby added to the Declaration. 

10.15 Replacement Of Street Trees in Common Area Roadway Tracts Adjacent to 

Lots. As more particularly set forth in Section 10.5 above, all roadways within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY shall he private roadways located within Tracts that constitute Common Areas 

(each a All landscaping located in Common Area 

Roadway Tracts, including, without limitation, trees located between an Owner's Lot and 

the private roadway located within the Common Area Roadway Tract (each a "'Street 

Tree") are to be maintained by the Association as an Operating Expense. At the request of 

an Owner, and on compliance with the requirements set forth hereinbelow, the Association 

may replace one or more Street Trees adjoining an Owner's Lot with a Street Tree of a 

different type or species (each a No Street Tree may be 

removed and no Replacement Street Tree may be installed unless the Owner of the adjacent 

Lot complies with each of the foregoing requirements: 

Declarant Or the ARC may establish Architectural Guidelines for 

10.15.1 

Replacement Street Trees which may include, but shall not be limited to, requirements and 

limitations as to type, species, size, coloring, installation locations and such other 

requirements or criteria as the Declarant or ARC may determine in their sole discretion. If 

there are no Architectural Guidelines for Replacement Street Trees in effect, existing Street 

Trees may not be removed and Replacement Street Trees may not be installed. 

All requests for installation of Replacement Street Tree within the 

10.152 

Common Area Roadway Tract adjacent to an Owner 's Lot must be submitted by the Owner 

to the ARC, must be in writing, and must be on such forms and contain such information 

as required by the ARC. All requests for removal of Street Trees and installation of 

Replacement Street Trees will be reviewed by the ARC in accordance with Section 19 of 

the Declaration and this Section 10.15. The ARC may approve, approve with conditions 

3 

cm)3881n174366W431369v4 
†
10063 

OR BK 

G 449 

page 4 of 7 

or disapprove any request for removal Of Street Trees and installation or Replacement 

Street Trees in the ARC's sole and absolute discretion. 

If approved by the ARC, existing Street Trees shall be removed and 

10.15.3 

Replacement Street Trees shall be installed by a landscape contractor selected by the 

Association. No Owner, Lessee or any party other than the Association's landscape 

contractor may remove a Street Tree or install a Replacement Street Tree within any 

Common Area Roadw ay Tract. 

The Owner of the Lot who requested installation of the Replacement 

10.15.4 

Street Trees shall be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by the Association in 

removing the existing Street Trees and installing Replacement Street Trees. At the option 

of the Association, the Association may require that such Owner deposit funds with the 

Association (each a "Replacement Street Tree Deposit") to be applied by the Association 

against the costs and expenses of removing existing Street Trees and installing 

Replacement Street Trees. Any Replacement Street Tree Deposit required by the 

Association shall not be deemed a cap or limitation on the Owner's obligation to reimburse 

the Association for all costs and expenses incurred in removing the existing Street Trees 

and installing Replacement Street Trees as requested by the Owner. Any costs and 

expenses incurred by the Association in connection with such matters which are not paid 

by an Owner's Replacement Street Tree Deposit shall be collected by the Association 

through an Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot in accordance with Section 

17.2.6 hereinbelow. 

Neither the Association, the ARC nor the Declarant shall be deemed 

10.15.5 

to have made any warranties or representations regarding the size, growth, coloration, or 

any other aspect or feature of any Replacement Street Trees. Any depictions or information 

regarding Replacement Street Trees provided by the Manager, Association, ARC, 

Declarant or any landscaping contractor engaged by the Association to install Replacement 

Street Trees shall be for general information pulposes only and do not constitute a warranty 

or repÊsentation regarding the Replacement Street Trees which will be installed in the 

Common Area Roadway Tracts adjacent to any Owner's Lot. No Owner or any other party 

shall have any right to require the Association to install a different Replacement Street Tree 

on such Owner's Lot or to make any claim or demand against the Association, the ARC, 

the Manager, Declarant or the landscape contractor installing the Replacement Street Tree 

in the event such Owner is dissatisfied with same. 

5. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended and restated, the 

Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as 

amended and restated by this Sixth Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 

all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and 

their respective heirs, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures On the Following Pages] 

4 

0038811 \17436619431369v4 
†
10063 

OR BK 

G 450 

5 Of 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Sixth Amendment to be executed 

as Of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Prin 

Print Name 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

Pr t Name: t 

Tide. 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

STATE OFFL R 

COUNTY OF 

day of 2020, by 

Gf PULTE hOME COMPANY, 

LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He/She (is personally 

as identifi 

k=Êgle] or [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State o orida 

Commission NO.: 

My Commission Expires- 

5 
†
10063 

OR BK 

or ASSOCIATION 

6451 

6 Of 7 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Sixth Amendment to which 

this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof are and shall be 

binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

nay 

WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has executed this Join der on this 

of 

WITNESSES: 

Print 

print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporati on 

Print Name: 

Title: 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of 

ysical sence 

or online notarization, this ;mday Of 2020, by 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC , a Florida 

not-for-profit corporation. on behalf of the corporation. He/She [is personally known to me] or 

as identification 

[has produced 

[NOTARY SEALI 

09, 2021 

'st stare 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State f Fl "da 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

6 

6 z-ez,' 
†
10063 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

G 452 

7 Of 7 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

'Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Sixth Amendment to which this Joinder is attached for the 

purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval Of this Sixth Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLOR 

COUNTY OF 

Kirsten Lycett 

ludy Joseph 

ATV 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

Name: ïr 

Address 777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

The foregoing instrument was acknowled before me by megns physical presence 

day of 

or online notarization, this 

2020, by 

as 

of NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a 

Florida limited liability company, on behalfofthecompany. He She [ I 

as identification. 

to me or [ ] has produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

0038811\17436619431369vi 

NOTARY SIGNATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 6 // 

My Commission Expires: 

7 

10533 PG 2735 

2022018589 

INSTR# 

OR BK 

page 1 org 

01120/2022 0403 PM Rcpt 2406338 Rec 7800 OS. 0.00 IT: O_CO 

Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. EolaDrive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

óSPACE ABOVE THI s LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING 

SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION 

AND SEVENTHAMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB 

(PHASE 4) 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION AND SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (PHASE 4) (the 

"Supplemental Declaration") is made as Of 

, 2022, by PULTE HOME 

COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact business in the 

state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the 'Association") and NNP- 

BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Egundu"). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinders ofthe Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815 , Page 3 107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 

to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 

Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, page 717, as 

supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 

9929, Page 1953, as supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and 

Fifth Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 26,2020 in 

Official Records Book 10059, Page 2633, as amended by that certain Sixth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded March 3, 2020 in Official Records Book 

16063, Page 446 all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida collectively, the 

"DeeIaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Declaration, capitalized terms 

used herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 
†
10533 0736 

OR BK 

page 2 of 9 

WHEREAS, Declarant and the Association are the fee simple owners Of certain property 

located in Pasco County, Florida which is contiguous to the Phase 3 Property and more particularly 

described on Exhibit "1" attached hereto and which Declarant has developed as Phase 4 of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY (such property being hereinafter described as the and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 Of the Declaration provides that prior to the Community 

Completion Date, additional lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant and 

that such additional lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of the 

Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to the Declaration in the Public 

Records; and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration further provides that, except for applicable 

governmental approvals (if any) and the consent of Founder if such annexed additional lands are 

not pan ofthe Additional Property, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from any 

other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or any Lenders); and 

WHEREAS, the Community Completion Date has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the Declarant has obtained all applicable governmental approvals required 

for the Phase 4 Property to be made part Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brought within the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Phase 4 Property is part of the Additional Property and therefore the 

consent of Founder to this Supplemental Declaration annexing to Phase 4 Property as part of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY is not required; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant and the Association, as evidenced by their execution hereof and 

joinder hereto, wish and do hereby submit the Phase 4 Property as part Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

and bring the Phase 4 Property within the provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 ofthe Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

fonh in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 Of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the onginal date Of recording Of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 2 Of the Declaration defines the Additional Property as the property 

which is contiguous to DEL WEBB BEXLEY as described on Exhibit 5 ofthe Declaration and 

which is contemplated to be acquired by Declarant from Founder pursuant to the Declarant 

2 
†
10533 0737 

OR BK 

page 3 of 9 

Purchase Contract and developed and subjected to the Declaration by Supplemental Declaration 

pursuant to Section 5.1 ofthe Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant, by virtue of its acquisition of the Phase 4 Property from Founder 

and annexation of the Phase 4 Property under the Declaration by this Supplemental Declaration, 

has now acquired and annexed into DEL WEBB BEXLEY all of the Additional Property as 

defined in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 28.5 of the Declaration provides that, until Declarant has purchased 

all of the Additional Property from Founder pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract, Founder, 

at Founder' s option, may appoint one member to the Board Of the Association and one member Of 

the ARC; and 

WHEREAS, Section 28.10 of the Declaration sets forth certain rights and remedies of the 

Founder in the event Declarant defaults under the Declarant Purchase Contract prior to purchasing 

all of the Additional Property or other,vise does not purchase all of the Additional Property 

pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract (together the "Founder's Purc"se Conwrac( 

Remedie$'); and 

WHEREAS, Section 28.14 of the Declaration provides disclosures with respect to certain 

easements for access, utilities and drainage for the benefit of the Additional Property (together the 

Pronertv EasemenW') granted under the Founder post Closing Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the purpose Of the Additional Property Easements was to provide easements 

for access, utilities and drainage for the benefit of the portions of the Additional Property which 

Declarant did not purchase from Founder pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract; and 

WHEREAS, by virtue of Declarant's purchase of Phase 4 Property from Founder, 

subjection Of the Phase 4 Property to the Phase 4 Plat and annexation Of the Phase 4 Property into 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant has now acquired all 

of the Additional Property, subjected all of the Additional Property to the Declaration and has 

dedicated and granted the easements for access, utilities and drainage for all of the Additional 

Property as contemplated by the Additional Property Easements pursuant to the plat and the 

Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, by virtue of Declarant's acquisition of all of the Additional Property, 

annexation of all the Additional Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to 

Supplemental Declarations, and establishment of easements for access, utilities and drainage for 

all of the Additional Property pursuant to the Plat and this Declaration, Declarant is desirous of 

executing and recording this Supplemental Declaration to (i) delete Section 28.5 from the 

Declaration because Founder no longer has any right to appoint a member of the Board of the 

Association or a member of the ARC pursuant thereto, (ii) delete Section 28.10 of the Declaration 

because Founder no longer lus any right to exercise any of the Founder's Purchase Contract 

Remedies and (iii) delete Section 28.14 of the Declaration because the Additional Property 

Easements created under the Founder Post Closing Agreement have been incorporated into the 

easements for access, utilities and drainage dedicated and granted pursuant to the Plat and the 
†
10533 0738 

OR BK 

page 4 of 9 

Declaration, and (iv) delete Exhibit 5 to the Declaration because there is no longer any Additional 

Property as defined in Section 2 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental Declaration to 

confirm its approval of and consent to same, including, without limitation the deletion of Sections 

28.5, 28.10 and 28.14 and Exhibit 5 ofthe Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental 

Declaration to annex the portions of the Phase 4 Property owned by the Association into DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY and to confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by the 

amendments to the Declaration effected by this Supplemental Declaration. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant hereby supplements and amends the 

Declaration, and the Association and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Supplemental 

Declaration, as follows: 

I. The foregoing recitals are true an d co rrect an d are rporated herei n by 

2. Ratification of D eclaration. The Declarant h ereby ratifies and affirms the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

Annexation of Phase 4 Property, Pursuant to Section 5.1 Of the Declaration, the 

Phase 4 Property is hereby annexed into and made a pan of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and subjected 

to the covenants, conditions and restrictions of the Declaration. The Phase 4 Property shall be 

held, occupied, sold and conveyed subject to the Declaration, which is for the purpose of enhancing 

and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the 

Phase 4 Property) and which shall run with the title to DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the Phase 

4 Property). 

4, Additional Definitions. The following additional definitions are hereby added to 

Section 2 of the Declaration: 

"Phase 4 Plat" shall mean any recorded subdivision plat of any part or all ofthe Phase 4 

Property. 

shall have the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Declaration and 

Seventh Amendment to the Declaration. 

Deletion ofDescripgion ofAdditional Property on Exhibit 5 to the Declaration. The 

5. 

description Of the Additional Propelty attached as Exhibit 5 to the Declaration is hereby deleted in 

its entirety. 

Deletion of Sections 28.5, Sections 28.5, 28.10 and 28.14 ofthe 

6. 

Declaration are hereby deleted in their entirety, 

4 
†
10533 0739 

OR BK 

page 5 of9 

7. Effect of Sunnlemental Declaration. Except as herein specifically supplemented 

and amended, the Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

The Declaration, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Declaration, shall be binding 

upon and inure to the benefit Of all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY (including the Phase 4 Property) or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following pages] 

5 
†
10533 0740 

OR BK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Supplemental Declaration to be 

executed as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print Name: 

nt Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

' ECLARANI"' 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Prin 

Title: 

e: 

Address: 2662 S. F alkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of physical presence 

online notarization, this day of 

2022, by 

of PULT HOME COMPANY, 

LLC, a ichigan limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He/She [is eersonally 

U!2.EL.LLL1el or [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

0038811\174366111653069v3 

as identification]. 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: Ilk 

My Commission Expires: q I 'LS 

6 
†
10533 0741 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Supplemental Declaration 

to which this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof are and shall 

be binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this u_nay 

page 7 of 9 

of 

WITNESSES: 

2022. 

Print N e: 

print Name: 

Shannon Hess 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Print N 

Title; 

{CORPORATE SEAL} 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means ofl 

physical presence 

or online notarization, this day 2022' by 

ofDEL WEBB BEXLEYCOMMINITY ASSOCIATION, 1 C., a Florida 

not-for-profit corporation, on behalf of the corporation. He/She [is personally known to me) or 

[has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

as identification]. 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State ofFloHda 

Commission No.: B 

My Commission Expires: 

7 
†
10533 0742 

OR BK 

JQ'NPF,R OF FOUNDER 

page eof9 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

'SFounder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Supplemental Declaration to which this Joinder is attached for 

the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Supplemental Declaration. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of following witnesses: 

Print 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By. 

Name: Alex McLeod 

Title: Regional President 

Address 3162 South Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of [k] physical presence 

or online notarization, this IL/ day of January, 2022, by Alex McLeod, as Regional 

President of NNP-BEXLEY, Lloe%ˆlda limited liability company, on behalf of the company. 

as identification. 

He She I ] has produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

LYCE-rr 

Not" Public ï State a' 

Cgmmi"lco 

M', ' Camm Ort 2075 

Bonded through Am. 

16530690 

NOTARY G ATLJRE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 

My Commission Expires: 

8 
†
10533 0743 

OR BK 

(Lega\ Peseriotion of the Phase 4 Property) 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 4, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 86, 

Pages 47 through 59, inclusive, Public Records of Pasco County, Florida. 

9 

page 9 of 9 

9774 PG 2623 

INSTR# 2018140037 OR BK 

Page 1 of 139 

08/17/2018 04:23 PM Rcpt: 1983384 Rec: 1183.00 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

TauCa S. 0%MeiC, Ph.D., Pasco County Clerk & ComptroCCer 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, 

215 North Eola Drive 

Post Office Box 2809 

Orlando, FL 328020809 

Recitals 

Definitions 

Kantor & Reed, P A 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

10. 

ll. 

12. 

13. 

14. 

15. 

16. 

17. 

18. 

19. 

20. 

21. 

22. 

23. 

24. 

25. 

26. 

27. 

28. 

29. 

Plan of Development 

Amendment 

Annexation and Withdrawal 

Dissolution 

Binding Effect and Membership 

Paramount Right of Declarant 

Common Areas 

Maintenance by the Association 

Maintenance by Owners 

Use Restrictions 

Easement for Unintentional and Non-Negligent Encroachments 

Requirement to Maintain Insurance 

Property Rights 

Restrictions Affecting Occupancy and Alienation 

Assessments 

Information to Lenders and Owners 

Architectural Control 

Enforcement 

Additional Rights of Declarant 

Refund of Taxes and Other Charges 

Assignment of Powers 

General Provisions 

Surface Water Management System 

Additional Disclosures and Restrictions 

Conservation Easements 

Bexley Residential Charter, Founder and Bexley Residential Association Matters 

Bexley Community Development District 

.11 

.12 

.12 

. 14 

.15 

.24 

.29 

.32 

.43 

.43 

.49 

.61 

.61 

.67 

..69 

.76 

.76 

.79 

.81 

. 84 

.87 

.93 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2624 

OR BK 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit 1 - Legal Description 

Exhibit 2 - Articles of Incorporation 

Exhibit 3 Bylaws 

Permit 

Exhibit 4 

Additional Property 

Exhibit 5 

ii 

Page 2 of 139 

003881 1 
†
9774 G2625 

OR BK 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (this "Declaration") 

is made this day of us4 , 2018, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan 

limited liability company authorized to transact business in the State of Florida (the "Declarant") 

joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for- 

profit corporation (the "Association"). 

Page 3 of 139 

A. 

B. 

RECITALS 

Declarant is the owner of the real property located in Pasco County, Florida, more 

particularly described on Exhibit 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein by 

reference ("DEL WEBB BEXLEY"). 

Declarant hereby desires to subject DEL WEBB BEXLEY and all right, title and 

interest of Declarant in DEL WEBB BEXLEY to the covenants, conditions and 

restrictions contained in this Declaration. 

This Declaration is a covenant running with all of the land comprising DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, and each present and future owner of interests therein and their heirs, 

successors and assigns are hereby subject to this Declaration. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained in 

this Declaration, Declarant hereby declares that every portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is to be 

held, transferred, sold, conveyed, used and occupied subject to the covenants, conditions, 

restrictions, easements, reservations, regulations, charges and liens hereinafter set forth. 

Recitals. The foregoing Recitals are true and correct and are incorporated into and form a 

1. 

part of this Declaration. 

Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Declaration, all initially 

2. 

capitalized terms herein shall have the following meanings: 

"Act" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.1 hereof. 

"Act's Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement" shall mean that at least eighty percent 

(80%) of the Homes in DEL WEBB BEXLEY are occupied by at least one (1) person fifty-five 

(55) years of age or older and DEL WEBB BEXLEY complies with the requirements of the Act 

and 24 C.F.R. 100.305, 100.306 and 100.307, as amended. 

"Activity Card" means a card the Association issues in accordance with the terms and 

conditions set forth in Section 26.7 and which confers upon the holder rights of access to and use 

of solme or all of the Recreational Facilities subject to the applicable Rules and Regulations adopted 

with respect to same. 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2626 

OR BK 

"Additional Property" shall mean the real property located in Pasco County, Florida 

which is contiguous to DEL WEBB BEXLEY and more particularly described on Exhibit 5 

attached hereto which is contemplated to be acquired by Declarant from Founder pursuant to the 

Declarant Purchase Contract and developed and subjected to this Declaration by Supplemental 

Declaration pursuant to Section 5.1 below. 

'Age-Qualified Occupant" shall mean a person who is fifty-five (55) years of age or older 

who has designated the Home as the Age-Qualified Occupant's primary residence. Occupancy as 

a primary residence shall be established by the mailing address for the individual, official address 

on file for voter registration or driver's license or other means to establish legal residency under 

Florida law. 

"Approved Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 28.8 hereof. 

"ARC" shall mean the Architectural Review Committee for DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

established pursuant to Section 19.1 hereof. 

"Architectural Guidelines" shall mean the architectural guidelines, specifications and/or 

other standards, if any, set forth in this Declaration, or separately established by the Declarant or 

the ARC pursuant to Section 19.5 hereof. 

"Articles" shall mean the Articles of Incorporation of the Association filed with the Florida 

Secretary of State in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2 and made a part hereof, as amended 

from time to time. 

"Assessments" shall mean any assessments made in accordance with this Declaration and 

as further defined in Section 17.1 hereof. 

"Association" shall mean DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., 

a Florida not for profit corporation, its successors and assigns. 

"Association Indemnified Parties" shall mean the Association and its officers, directors, 

managers, agents, employees, affiliates and attorneys and their respective successors and assigns. 

"Bexley Residential Association" shall mean Bexley Homeowners Association, Inc., a 

Florida non-profit corporation. 

"Bexley Residential Charter" shall mean the Community Charter and Declaration of 

Restrictions for Bexley Residential Properties recorded in Official Records Book 9324, Page 3546 

of the Public Records of Pasco County as supplemented and amended from time to time. 

"Bexley Residential Community" shall mean the real property now or hereafter subject 

to the Bexley Residential Charter consisting of the master development in which the Bexley 

Residential Community is located. 

Bexley Residential Community Amenities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 

28.4 hereof. 

2 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 4 of 139 
†
9774 G2627 

OR BK 

"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Association. 

shall mean the Bylaws of the Association in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 

and made a part hereof as amended from time to time. 

"CDD" shall mean the Del Webb Bexley Community Development District formed and 

operated to maintain portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to the CDD Documents. The 

CDD is not the Bexley Community Development District formed pursuant to Ordinance No. 15- 

13 of the Pasco County Board of County Commissioners effective May 19, 2015, which governs 

land outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

"CDD Assessments" shall mean debt service and operating assessments for the CDD 

pursuant to the CDD Documents. 

"CDD Documents" shall mean the organizational and operational documents for the CDD 

as promulgated, amended and supplemented from time to time, including, without limitation 

Ordinance No. 17-39 of the Pasco County Board of County Commissioners establishing the CDD 

effective October 30, 2017. The CDD Documents shall also include, but shall not be limited to 

resolutions of the CDD authorizing construction and/or acquisition of infrastructure improvements 

and confirming the CDD's intention to issue special assessment revenue bonds to finance the cost 

of same. 

"CDD Facilities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 29 hereof. EACH PERSON 

BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO A LOT HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES 

THE CDD FACILITIES ARE NOT COMMON AREAS WHICH ARE OWNED AND 

CONTROLLED BY THE ASSOCIATION AND FURTHER WAIVES ANY CLAIM OR RIGHT 

TO HAVE ANY PORTION OF THE CDD FACILITIES BE CONSIDERED AS COMMON 

AREAS. 

"CDD Indemnified Parties" shall mean the CDD and its officers, directors, agents, 

employees, affiliates and attorneys and their respective successors and assigns. 

"CDD Tract" shall mean any Tract within DEL WEBB BEXLEY dedicated to and 

operated and maintained by the CDD. 

"Common Areas" shall mean all real property interests and personally within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY designated as Common Areas from time to time by the Declarant, by this Declaration, 

by the Plat or by recorded amendment to this Declaration and provided for, owned, leased by, or 

dedicated to, the common use and enjoyment of the Owners within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The 

Common Areas shall include the private streets and roadways within DEL WEBB BEXLEY and 

may include, without limitation, the Recreational Facilities (as defined herein), entrance gates, 

features and signs, a manned gatehouse, fountains in ponds, buffer or landscaped areas, open space 

areas, internal bufTers, perimeter buffers, perimeter walls and fences, easement areas owned by 

others, public rights of way, open space areas, irrigation facilities, sidewalks, street lights, and 

commonly used utility facilities. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN CONTAINED 

TO THE CONTRARY, THE DEFINITION OF "COMMON AREAS" AS SET FORTH IN THIS 

DECLARATION IS FOR DESCRIPTIVE PURPOSES ONLY AND SHALL IN NO WAY 

BIND, OBLIGATE OR LIMIT DECLARANT TO CONSTRUCT OR SUPPLY ANY SUCH 

003881 1786.v7 

Page 5 of 139 
†
9774 G2628 

OR BK 

ITEM AS SET FORTH IN SUCH DESCRIPTION, THE CONSTRUCTION OR SUPPLYING 

OF ANY SUCH ITEM BEING IN DECLARANT'S SOLE DISCRETION. FURTHER, NO 

PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RELY UPON SUCH DESCRIPTION AS A 

REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE EXTENT OF THE COMMON AREAS 

OR RECREATIONAL FACILITIES TO BE CONSTRUCTED BY DECLARANT OR TO BE 

OWNED OR OPERATED BY THE ASSOCIATION, EXCEPT AFTER CONSTRUCTION 

AND CONVEYANCE OF ANY SUCH ITEM TO THE ASSOCIATION. FURTHER, AND 

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, CERTAIN AREAS THAT WOULD OTHERWISE 

BE COMMON AREAS SHALL BE OR HAVE BEEN CONVEYED TO THE CDD AND 

SHALL COMPRISE PART OF THE CDD FACILITIES. CDD FACILITIES SHALL NOT 

INCLUDE COMMON AREAS. 

"Community Amenity" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2 hereof. 

"Community Completion Date" shall mean the date upon which all Homes in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY, as ultimately planned and as fully developed, have been conveyed by Declarant 

to Owners. 

"Conservation Easements" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 27. I hereof. 

"Conservation Easement Property" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 27.1 

hereof. The Conservation Easement Property will be part of the CDD Facilities and will be owned 

and maintained by the CDD. 

"Contractors" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 19.12.2 hereof. 

"County" shall mean Pasco County, Florida. 

"Declaration" shall mean this COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, together with all amendments and modifications thereof and Supplements thereto. 

"Declarant" shall mean PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability 

company (the "Declarant"), or any successor or assign who has or takes title to any portion of the 

property described in Exhibit 1 or Exhibit 5 for development and/or sale and who is designated 

as Declarant in a recorded instrument which the immediately preceding Declarant executes. 

Declarant shall have the right to assign all or a portion of any rights granted to the Declarant in 

this Declaration. Subject to Founder's prior written consent (or waiver of same) pursuant to 

Section 28 below, Declarant shall also have the right to assign all or a portion of any obligations 

In the event of a partial assignment of some, but not all, 

of the Declarant in this Declaration. 

Declarant rights and/or obligations, the assignee shall not be deemed the Declarant, but may 

exercise those rights 01' shall be responsible for those obligations of Declarant assigned to it. 

Additionally any partial assignee that does not assume all of the obligations of Declarant shall not 

be deemed the Declarant. 

"Decl'arant Indemnified Parties" shall mean the Declarant and its officers, directors, 

partners, agents, employees, affiliates and attorneys and their respective successors and assigns. 

4 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 6 of 139 
†
9774 G2629 

OR BK 

Declarant Purchase Contract" shall mean that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement 

(together with all amendments thereto from time to time) between Founder, as Seller, and 

Declarant, as Builder, dated January 14, 2017 pursuant to which (i) Declarant has purchased the 

property comprising DEL WEBB BEXLEY from Founder and (ii) Declarant has the right to 

purchase the Additional Property to be submitted as future phases of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

"DEL WEBB BEXLEY" shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof subject 

to additions and deletions thereto as permitted pursuant to the terms of this Declaration. 

"Founder" shall mean NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company and its 

successors and assigns as provided under the Bexley Residential Charter. 

"Governing Documents" shall mean the CDD Documents, this Declaration, the Articles, 

the Bylaws, the Rules and Regulations, the Architectural Guidelines, and any applicable 

Supplemental Declaration all as amended from time to time. 

"Home" shall mean a residential dwelling and appurtenances thereto constructed on a Lot 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The term Home may not reflect the same division of property as 

reflected on a Plat. A Home shall be deemed created and have perpetual existence upon the 

issuance of a final or temporary Certificate of Occupancy for such residence; provided, however, 

the subsequent loss of such Certificate of Occupancy (e.g., by casualty or remodeling) shall not 

affect the status of a Home, or the obligation of Owner to pay Assessments with respect to such 

Home. The term "Home" includes any interest in land, improvements, or other property 

appurtenant to the Home. 

"Immediate Family Members" shall mean the spouse of the Owner or Lessee and all 

unmarried children twenty-five (25) years and younger of the Owner or the Owner's spouse or the 

Lessee or the Lessee's Spouse. If an Owner or Lessee is unmarried, the Owner or Lessee may 

designate one (l) other person who is living with such Owner or Lessee in the Home in addition 

to children of the Owner or Lessee as an adult Immediate Family Member. No unmarried child or 

other person shall qualify as an Immediate Family Member unless such person is living with the 

Owner or Lessee within the Home. 

"Indemnified Parties" shall mean the Declarant Indemnified Parties, the Association 

Indemnified Parties and the CDD Indemnified Parties. 

"Individual Assessments" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 172.6 hereof. 

"Initial Contribution" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.11 hereof. 

"Installment Assessments" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.2. I hereof. 

"Lease Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.24 hereof. 

"Lender" shall mean (i) the institutional and licensed holder of a first mortgage 

encumbering a Lot or Home or (ii) Declarant and its affiliates, to the extent Declarant or its 

affiliates finances the purchase of a Home or Lot initially or by assignment of an existing mortgage. 

5 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 7 of 139 
†
9774 G2630 

OR BK 

"Lessee" shall mean the lessee named in any Lease Agreement with respect to a Home who 

is legally entitled to possession of any Home within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

"Lot" shall mean any platted lot that is within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The term "Lot" also 

includes any interest in land, improvements, or other property appurtenant to the Lot, including 

without limitation a Home. 

"Master Plan" shall mean collectively any full or partial concept plan for the development 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as it exists as of the date of recording this Declaration, as same may be 

amended from time to time by Declarant, in its sole discretion, regardless of whether such plan is 

currently on file with one or more governmental agencies. The Master Plan is subject to change 

as set forth herein. The Master Plan is not a representation by Declarant as to the development of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as Declarant reserves the right to amend all or part of the Master Plan 

from time to time. 

"Occupy," "Occupies," "Occupied" or "Occupancy" shall mean, unless otherwise 

specified in the Governing Documents, staying overnight in a particular Home for at least ninety 

(90) total days in the subject calendar year. The term "Occupant" shall refer to any individual other 

than an Owner who Occupies a Home or is in possession of a Lot or Parcel, or any portion thereof 

or building or structure thereon, whether as a Lessee or otherwise, other than on a merely transient 

basis (and shall include, without limitation, a Resident). 

Operating Expenses" shall mean all costs and expenses of the Association. Operating 

Expenses may include, without limitation, all costs of ownership, operation, and administration of 

the Common Areas, including the Recreational Facilities and any Landscape Tracts and Landscape 

Easements; all community lighting including up-lighting and entrance lighting, all amounts 

payable in connection with any private street lighting agreement between Association and a public 

utility provider; amounts payable to a Telecommunications Provider for Telecommunications 

Services furnished to all Owners; private garbage and trash pickup for all Owners through a bulk 

contract; utilities; taxes; insurance; bonds; salaries; management fees; professional fees; service 

costs; supplies; maintenance; repairs; replacements; refurbishments; and any and all costs relating 

to the discharge of the obligations of the Association hereunder, or as determined to be part of the 

Operating Expenses by the Association. By way of example, and not of limitation, Operating 

Expenses shall include all of the Association's legal expenses and costs relating to or arising from 

the enforcement and/or interpretation of this Declaration. Notwithstanding anything to the 

contrary herein, Operating Expenses shall not include Reserves. If any of the foregoing items 

identified as possible Operating Expenses are operated and maintained by the CDD as CDD 

Facilities and funded by CDD Assessments, the same shall not be included in Operating Expenses. 

"Owner" shall mean the record title owner (whether one or more persons or entities) of 

fee simple title to any Lot. The term "Owner" shall not include Declarant or Founder, even after 

the Turnover Date. 

"Parcel" shall mean a platted or unplatted lot, tract, unit or other subdivision of real 

property within DEL WEBB BEXLEY upon which a Home has been, or will be, constructed. 

Once improved, the term Parcel shall include all improvements thereon and appurtenances thereto. 

The term Parcel, as used herein, may include more than one Lot. 

6 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 8 of 139 
†
9774 G2631 

OR BK 

"Party Wall" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.8 hereof. 

"Perimeter Walls/Fences" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.10 hereof. 

"Permit" shall collectively mean Permit No. 43013740.017, as amended or modified, 

issued by SWF WMD, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4, as amended from time to 

time. 

"Person" shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, business trust, estate, a 

trustee, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, 

government subdivision or agency, or any other legal or commercial entity. 

"Phase 1 Property" shall mean the real property described on Exhibit 1 attached hereto. 

"Plat" shall mean any plat of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY filed in the Public 

Records, from time to time, including, without limitation, the plat of the Phase I Property (the 

"Phase 1 Plat"). This defmition shall be automatically amended to include the plat of any 

additional phase of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as such phase is added to this Declaration, or any replat 

of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

"Public Records" shall mean the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida. 

"Qualified Occupant" shall mean any person (i) twenty-two (22) years of age or older 

who Occupies a Home and was the original Occupant following purchase of the Home from the 

Declarant; or (ii) a person twenty-two (22) years of age or older who Occupies a Home with an 

Age-Qualified Occupant. 

"Recreational Facilities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2 hereof. 

"Reserves" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.2.4 hereof. 

"Resident" shall mean each individual who resides in any Home. 

"Rules and Regulations" shall mean the Rules and Regulations governing DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY as adopted by the Declarant prior to Turnover, or the Board thereafter, from time to time. 

The Rules and Regulations Inay be incorporated in the Architectural Guidelines or may be adopted 

separately by the Declarant or the Board, as applicable, subject to the terms of this Declaration. 

The adoption of Rules and Regulations, and any amendments thereto from time to time, shall 

require Founder's prior written consent (or waiver of same) pursuant to Section 28 below. 

"Single Family" shall tnean a gl'oup of one or more persons each related to the other by 

blood, marriage or legal adoption, or a group of not mol'e than three (3) persons not all so related, 

who maintain a common household in a Home. 

"Special Assessments" shall mean those Assessments more particularly described as 

Special Assessments in Section 17.2.2 hereof. 

7 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 9 of 139 
†
9774 G2632 

OR BK 

"Supplemental Declaration" shall mean and refer to an instrument filed in the Public 

Records pursuant to Section 5.1 which subjects additional property to this Declaration, creates 

additional classes of members, and/or imposes, expressly or by reference, additional restrictions 

and obligations on the land described in such instrument. Subject to Section 28 below, the 

Declarant may, by Supplemental Declaration, create additional classes of membership for the 

Owners of any additional property made subject to this Declaration pursuant to Section 5.1, with 

such rights, privileges and obligations as may be specified in such Supplemental Declaration, in 

recognition of the different character and intended use of the property subject to such Supplemental 

Declaration. 

"Surface Water Management System" or "SWMS" shall mean the collection of devices, 

improvements, or natural systems whereby surface waters are controlled, impounded or 

obstructed. This term includes, without limitation, exflltration trenches, mitigation areas, lakes, 

wet and dry retention and detention areas, water management areas, ditches, culverts, structures, 

dams, impoundments, reservoirs, ponds, swales, wetlands and any associated buffer areas, wetland 

mitigation areas, water control structures, inlets, floodplain compensation areas, drainage 

maintenance easements and those works defined in Section 373.403, Florida Statutes. The DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY Surface Water Management System includes those works authorized by 

SWF WMD pursuant to the Permit. 

"SWFWMD" shall mean the Southwest Florida Water Management District. 

"Telecommunications Provider" shall mean any party contracting with the Association 

to provide Owners with one or more Telecommunications Services. With respect to any particular 

Telecommunications Services, there may be one or more Telecommunications Providers. 

"Telecommunications Services" shall mean delivered entertainment services; all services 

that are typically and in the future identified as telecommunication services; cable television 

services; and data transmission services. Without limiting the foregoing, such 

Telecommunications Services include the development, promotion, marketing, advertisement, 

provision, distribution, maintenance, transmission, and servicing of any of the foregoing services. 

The term Telecommunications Services is to be construed as broadly as possible. 

"Title Documents" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24.8 hereof. 

"Tract" shall mean and refer to any parcel, tract, unit or other subdivision of real property 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY that is not contemplated to be improved with the construction of a 

Home. 

"Turnover" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3.1.2 hereof. 

Turnover Date" shall mean the date on which Turnover (the transition of control of the 

Association from Declarant to Owners) occurs. 

"Use Fees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.2.3 hereof. 

"Voting Interest" shall mean and refer to the appurtenant vote(s) of each Lot and/or Parcel 

located within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, which shall include the voting interests of the Declarant. 

8 

1 \ 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 10 of 139 
†
9774 G2633 

OR BK 

Plan of Development. 

9. 

Plan. The planning process for DEL WEBB BEXLEY is an ever-evolving one and 

3.1 

must remain flexible in order to be responsible to and accommodate the needs of the community. 

Sub.ject to the Title Documents, Declarant may and has the right to develop DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

and any adjacent property owned by the Declarant into residences, comprised of homes, villas, 

coach homes, townhomes, patio homes, single-family homes, estate homes, multi-family homes, 

condominiums, and other forms of residential dwellings. The existence at any point in time of 

walls, entrance features, landscape screens, or berms or other improvements or facilities (including 

Recreational Facilities) is not a guaranty or promise that such items will remain or form part of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY as finally developed. 

3.2 Governing Documents. The Governing Documents create a general plan of 

development for DEL WEBB BEXLEY that may be supplemented by additional covenants, 

restrictions and easements applicable to particular areas within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, subject to 

the terms and conditions of this Declaration. In the event of a conflict between or among the 

Governing Documents and the additional covenants or restrictions, and/or the provisions of any 

other articles of incorporation, bylaws, rules or policies, the Governing Documents shall control. 

Nothing in this Section shall preclude any Supplemental Declaration or other recorded covenants 

applicable to any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY from containing additional restrictions or 

provisions that are more restrictive than the provisions of this Declaration. All provisions of the 

Governing Documents shall apply to all Owners, and to all occupants of Homes, as well as their 

respective tenants, guests and invitees. Any Lease Agreement for a Home within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY shall provide that the Lessee and all occupants of the leased Home shall be bound by 

and comply with the terms of the Governing Documents. Specific requirements for Lessees and 

tenants are set forth in this Declaration. 

Page 11 of 139 

4. 

Amendment. 

4.1 General Restrictions on Amendments. Notwithstanding any other provision herein 

to the contrary, no amendment to this Declaration shall affect the rights of Declarant unless such 

amendment receives the prior written consent of Declarant, which consent may be withheld for 

any reason whatsoever. No amendment shall alter the provisions of this Declaration regarding the 

specific rights and obligations of Lenders without the prior approval of the Lender(s) enjoying the 

benefit of such provisions. If the prior written approval of any governmental entity or agency 

having jurisdiction is required by applicable law or governmental regulation or land use or 

development condition of approval affecting DEL WEBB BEXLEY for any amendment to this 

Declaration, then the prior written consent of such entity or agency must also be obtained. All 

amendments affecting the S W MS or any Conservation Areas must comply with Section 25.2 

which benefits SWF WMD. No amendment shall be effective until it is recorded in the Public 

Records. 

4.2 No Vested Riohts. Each Owner by acceptance of a deed to a Home irrevocably 

waives any claim that such Owner has any vested rights pursuant to case law or statute with respect 

to this Declaration or any of the other Governing Documents, except as expressly provided by 

applicable law as it exists on the date this Declaration is recorded. 

9 

003881 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2634 

OR BK 

4.3 Amendments Prior to the Turnover. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant shall have the 

right to amend this Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the joinder or consent of any 

person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable law as it exists on the date 

this Declaration is recorded or except as expressly set forth herein. Such amendments may include, 

without limitation (i) the creation of easements for telecommunications systems, utility, drainage, 

ingress and egress and roof overhangs over any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY; (ii) additions or 

deletions from DEL WEBB BEXLEY and/or the properties comprising the Common Areas; (iii) 

changes in the Rules and Regulations; (iv) changes in maintenance, repair and replacement 

obligations; and (v) modifications of the use restrictions for Homes. Declarant's rights to amend 

under this provision are to be construed as broadly as possible. By way of example, and not as a 

limitation, Declarant may create easements over, under and across Lots conveyed to Owners 

provided that such easements do not materially and adversely impact the use of Homes on such 

Lots as residential dwellings. In the event the Association shall desire to amend this Declaration 

prior to the Turnover, the Association must first obtain Declarant's prior written consent to any 

proposed amendment, which can be withheld in Declarant's sole discretion. Thereafter, an 

amendment identical to that approved by Declarant may be adopted by the Association pursuant 

to the requirements for amendments from and after the Turnover. Declarant shall join in such 

identical amendment so that its consent to the same will be reflected in the Public Records. To the 

extent legally required, each Owner shall be deemed to have granted to Declarant and, thereafter, 

the Association an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, for the purposes herein 

expressed. 

4.4 Amendments From and After the Turnover. After the Turnover, but subject to the 

general and specific restrictions on amendments set forth herein, this Declaration may be amended 

with the approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (51 of the Voting 

Interests present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of the members of the 

Association at which there is a quorum. 

4.5 Compliance with HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA and SWFWMD. 

Notwithstanding any provision of this Declaration to the contrary, prior to the Turnover, the 

Declarant shall have the right to amend this Declaration, from time to time, to make such changes, 

modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested or required by HUD, FHA, 

VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD, or any other governmental agency or body as a condition to, or 

in connection with, such agency's or body's regulatory requirements or agreement to make, 

purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by mortgages on Lots. No 

approval or joinder of the Association, other Owners, or any other party shall be required or 

necessary to such amendment. After the Turnover, but subject to the general restrictions on 

amendments set forth above, the Board shall have the right to amend this Declaration, from time 

to time, to make such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested 

or required by HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD or any other governmental agency 

or body as a condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements 

or agreement to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by 

mortgages on Lots. No approval or joinder of the Owners, or any other party shall be required or 

necessary to any such amendments by the Board. 

4.6 Additional Restriction on Amendments. Notwithstanding any provision of this 

Declaration to the contrary, this Declaration Inay not be amended (i) to permit any person under 

10 

003881 786.v7 

Page 12 of 139 
†
9774 G2635 

OR BK 

the age of nineteen (19) to Occupy a Home or (ii) in any other manner which would (a) result in 

the Community no longer being in compliance with the Act or (b) impact the Community's ability 

to comply with the requirements of the Act for the purpose of maintaining the age restrictions set 

forth in Section 16.1 hereof. In addition, all amendments to this Declaration must be approved (or 

be deemed approved) by Founder pursuant to Section 28 below. 

Page 13 of 139 

5. 

Annexation and Withdrawal. 

5. I Annexation by Declarant. Prior to the Community Completion Date, additional 

lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant. Except for applicable 

governmental approvals (if any), and the consent of Founder for annexation of property other than 

the Additional Property as provided in Section 28.7 below, no other consent to such annexation 

shall be required from any other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or 

any Lenders). Such annexed lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of this 

Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to this Declaration in the Public 

Records. The Supplemental Declaration shall subject the annexed lands to the covenants, 

conditions, and restrictions contained in this Declaration as fully as though the annexed lands were 

described herein as a portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY at the time of execution and recordation of 

this Declaration. Such Supplemental Declaration may contain additions to, modifications of, or 

omissions from the covenants, conditions, and restrictions contained in this Declaration as deemed 

appropriate by Declarant and as may be necessary to reflect the different character, if any, of the 

annexed lands. Except as otherwise provided herein, prior to the Community Completion Date, 

only Declarant may add additional lands to DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

5.2 Annexation by the Association. After the Community Completion Date, subject to 

applicable governmental approvals (if any) required for same, and the consent of Founder for 

annexation of property other than the Additional Property as provided in Section 28.7 below, 

additional lands may be annexed with the approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one 

percent (51 %) of the Voting Interests present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of 

the members of the Association at which there is a quorum. 

5.3 Annexation by Founder. Founder may annex any portion or all of the Additional 

Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to Section 28.10 below. 

5.4 Withdrawal. Prior to the Community Completion Date, Declarant may withdraw 

from the provisions and applicability of this Declaration any portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(or any additions thereto), subject to Founder's prior written consent (or waiver of same) pursuant 

to Section 28 below, by the recording of an amendment to this Declaration in the Public Records, 

which amendment shall require the joinder and consent of any owner of record title to such lands 

being withdrawn, if other than Declarant. The right of Declarant to withdraw portions of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY shall not apply to any Lot that has been conveyed to an Owner unless that right 

is specifically reserved in the instrument of conveyance or the prior written consent of the Owner 

is obtained. Except as provided above, the withdrawal of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

shall not require the consent or joinder of any other party (including without limitation, the 

Association, Owners, or any Lenders). Association shall have no right to withdraw land from DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. 

Il 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2636 

OR BK 

5.5 Effect of Filing Supplemental Declaration. Subject to Section 28 below, any 

Supplemental Declaration filed pursuant to this Section 5 shall be effective upon recording in the 

Public Records, unless otherwise specified in such Supplemental Declaration. On the effective 

date of the Supplemental Declaration, any additional property subjected to this Declaration shall 

be assigned voting rights in the Association and Assessment liability in accordance with the 

provisions of the Supplemental Declaration and this Declaration. 

Page 14 of 139 

6. 

Dissolution. 

6.1 Generally. The Association shall exist in perpetuity. Notwithstanding the 

preceding sentence, in the event of the dissolution of the Association other than incident to a 

merger or consolidation, any member may petition the Circuit Court having jurisdiction of the 

Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida for the appointment of a receiver to manage its affairs of the 

dissolved Association and to manage the Common Areas in the place and stead of the Association, 

and to make such provisions as may be necessary for the continued management of the affairs of 

the dissolved Association and its properties. In the event of termination, dissolution or fmal 

liquidation of the Association and the CDD does not own and operate the S W MS, ownership of 

the portion of the S W MS owned by the Association and the responsibility for the operation and 

maintenance of such portion of the S W MS must be transferred to and accepted by an entity in 

accordance with the rules and regulations of the SWF WMD and any such transfer and acceptance 

must be approved in writing by the SWF WMD prior to such termination, dissolution or liquidation. 

6.2 Applicability of Declaration after Dissolution. In the event of dissolution of the 

Association, DEL WEBB BEXLEY and each Lot therein shall continue to be subject to the 

provisions of this Declaration, including without limitation, the provisions respecting Assessments 

specified in this Declaration. Each Owner shall continue to be personally obligated to the 

successors or assigns of the Association for Assessments to the extent that Assessments are 

required to enable the successors or assigns of the Association to properly maintain, operate and 

preserve the Common Areas. The provisions of this Section only shall apply with regard to the 

maintenance, operation, and preservation of those portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY that had been 

Common Areas and continue to be so used for the common use and enjoyment of the Owners. 

Binding Effect and Membership. 

7.1 Term. Subject to Section 28 below and the Declarant's right to amend this 

Declaration prior to Turnover and the Association's right to amend this Declaration after Turnover, 

the covenants, conditions and restrictions of this Declaration shall run with and bind the land and 

shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Association, or the owner of any land subject 

to this Declaration, their respective legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns, for a term 

of twenty-five (25) years from the date this I)eclaration is recorded in the Public Records, after 

which time the covenants, conditions and restrictions contained in this Declaration shall be 

automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10) years unless prior to the end of such 

twenty-five (25) year period, or each successive ten (10) year period, an instrument signed by 

eighty percent (80%) of the total Voting Interests agreeing to terminate this Declaration has been 

recorded in the Public Records. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, prior to any such 

termination of the Declaration, ownership of the portion of the S W MS owned by the Association, 

if any, and the responsibility for the operation and maintenance of the S W MS, to the extent the 

12 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 
†
9774 G2637 

OR BK 

SWMS is not operated and maintained by the CDD, must be transferred to and accepted by an 

entity in accordance with the rules and regulations of SWF WMD and any such transfer and 

acceptance must be approved in writing by SWF WMD. Provided, however, that no such 

agreement to terminate the covenants, conditions and restrictions shall be effective unless made 

and recorded at least ninety (90) days in advance of the effective date of such change. 

7.2 Transfer. The transfer of the fee simple title to a Home or Lot, whether voluntary 

or by operation of law, terminating an Owner's title to that Home or Lot, shall terminate the 

Owner's rights to use and enjoy the Common Areas and shall terminate such Owner's membership 

in the Association. An Owner's rights and privileges under this Declaration are not assignable 

separately from a Lot. The record title owner of a Lot is entitled to the benefits of, and is burdened 

with the duties and responsibilities set forth in the provisions of this Declaration. All parties 

acquiring any right, title and interest in and to any Lot shall be fully bound by the provisions of 

this Declaration. In no event shall any Owner acquire any rights that are greater than the rights 

granted to, and limitations placed upon its predecessor in title pursuant to the provisions of this 

Declaration. The transferor of any Lot shall remain jointly and severally liable with the transferee 

for all obligations pursuant to this Declaration that accrue prior to the date of such transfer, 

including without limitation, payment of all Assessments accruing prior to the date of transfer. 

7.3 Membership and Voting Rights. 

7.3. I In addition to the Declarant, upon acceptance of title to a Lot, and as more 

fully provided in the Articles and Bylaws, each Owner shall be a member of the 

Association. Membership rights are governed by the provisions of this Declaration, the 

Articles and Bylaws. Membership shall be an appurtenance to and may not be separated 

from the ownership of a Lot. Declarant rights with respect to membership in the 

Association are set forth in this Declaration, the Articles and Bylaws. The Association 

shall have the following two (2) classes of voting membership: 

7.3.1.1 Class A Members. Class A members shall be all Owners. Each 

Class A member shall be entitled to one (l) vote for each Lot owned. When more 

than one person holds an interest in any Lot as an "Owner," all such persons shall 

be members. The vote for such Lot shall be exercised as such persons determine, 

but in no event shall more than one (1) vote be cast with respect to any Lot. 

7.3. I .2 Class B Members. Declarant shall be the Class B member and shall 

be entitled to nine (9) votes for each Lot owned; provided, however, as to land 

which is annexed 01' added pursuant to the terms of this Declaration or any Parcel 

designated as a Future Development Tract (or similar term) or set aside for future 

development under the Plat, Declarant shall be entitled to fourteen (14) votes per 

acre or fraction thereof contained within such Parcel owned by Declarant, until such 

time as the Parcel is platted into Lots, whereupon Declarant shall be entitled to nine 

(9) votes per Lot in lieu of the votes per acre. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from 

and after the Turnover Date, the Declarant shall be entitled to one (l) vote for each 

Lot owned. "Turnover" shall mean the transfer of control and operation of the 

Association by the Declarant to Owners. The Turnover of the Association by the 

Declarant shall occur on the Turnover Date at the Turnover meeting. At the 

13 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 15 of 139 
†
9774 G2638 

OR BK 

Turnover meeting, Owners shall elect a majority of the Directors. No more than 

sixty (60) days and no less than thirty (30) days prior to the Turnover meeting, the 

Association shall notify in writing all Class A members of the date, location, and 

purpose of the Turnover meeting. The Turnover shall take place within three (3) 

months of the occurrence of the following events, whichever occurs earliest: 

Page 16 of 139 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

When ninety percent (90%) of the Lots ultimately planned for DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY are conveyed to Owners; or 

When the Declarant makes the election, in its sole and absolute discretion, 

to give written notice to the Association of its decision to cause the Turnover 

to occur; or 

as otherwise required under the Florida Statutes. 

7.3.1.3 Declarant Election of Director. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 

from and after Turnover, for so long as Declarant holds at least five percent (5%) 

of the total number of Lots planned for DEL WEBB BEXLEY out for sale, 

Declarant, at Declarant's sole option, may elect one (1) member of the Board. 

Nothing herein shall require Declarant to elect or place any members on the Board 

after Turnover. 

7.4 In the event that an Owner is other than a natural person, that 

Owner shall, prior to occupancy of the Home, designate one or more persons who are to be the 

occupants of the Home and register such persons with the Association. All provisions of this 

Declaration and other Governing Documents shall apply to both such Owner and the designated 

occupants. 

7.5 Voting Interests. Voting Interests in the Association are governed by this 

Declaration, the Articles and Bylaws. 

7.6 Document Recordation Prohibited. Neither the Association nor any Owner, nor 

group of Owners, may record any documents that, in any way, affect or restrict the rights of 

Declarant or conflict with the provisions of this Declaration or the other Governing Documents. 

7.7 Conflicts. In the event of any conflict among this Declaration, the Articles, the 

Bylaws or any of the other Governing Documents, this Declaration shall control. 

Paramount Richt of Declarant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, prior to 

8. 

the Community Completion Date, Declarant shall have the paramount right to dedicate, transfer, 

and/or convey (by absolute conveyance, easement, or otherwise) portions of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY for various public purposes or for the provision of telecommunications systems, or to 

make any portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY part of the Common Areas, or to create and implement 

a special taxing district which may include all or any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. SALES 

BROCHURES, SITE PLANS, AND MARKETING MATERIALS ARE CURRENT 

CONCEPTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AS TO WHAT IMPROVEMENTS, IF ANY, WILL BE 

INCLUDED WITHIN THE COMMON AREAS. DECLARANT SPECIFICALLY RESERVES 

THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE LAYOUT, COMPOSITION, AND DESIGN OF ANY AND 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2639 

OR BK 

ALL COMMON AREAS, INCLUDING RECREATIONAL FACILITIES, OR TO MODIFY, 

RELOCATE OR ELIMINATE COMMON AREAS OR RECREATIONAL FACILITIES AT ANY 

TIME, WITHOUT NOTICE AND AT ITS DISCRETION. 

Common Areas. Common Areas shall include, without limitation, (i) Tracts dedicated or 

9. 

contemplated to be dedicated to the Association as depicted on the Plat, (ii) Tracts conveyed to the 

Association by separate instrument and (iii) all easements in favor of the Association created by 

the Plat, under this Declaration or by separate instrument recorded in the Public Records, and such 

tracts and easements are hereby dedicated and granted to the Association. 

Prior to Conveyance. Prior to the conveyance of the Common Areas to the 

9.1 

Association as set forth in Section 9.4 herein, any portion of the Common Areas owned by 

Declarant shall be operated, maintained, and administered at the sole cost of the Association for 

all purposes and uses reasonably intended, as Declarant in its sole discretion deems appropriate. 

During such period, Declarant shall own, operate, and administer the Common Areas without 

interference from any Owner or any other person or entity whatsoever. Owners shall have no right 

in or to any Common Areas referred to in this Declaration unless and until same are actually 

constructed, completed, and conveyed to the Association. The current conceptual plans and/or 

representations, if any, regarding the composition of the Common Areas are not a guarantee of the 

final composition of the Common Areas. No party should rely upon any statement contained 

herein as a representation or warranty as to the extent of the Common Areas to be constructed by 

Declarant and owned and operated by the Association as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Declarant, 

so long as it controls Association, further specifically retains the right to add to, delete from, or 

modify any of the Common Areas referred to herein at its discretion without notice. It is 

anticipated by the Declarant that many of the facilities to be constructed within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY for the common use and enjoyment of all Owners including, without limitation the 

S W MS and Conservation Easement Property, will be owned by the CDD or located within an 

easement granted to the CDD and will be operated, maintained and managed by the CDD. 

9.2 Construction of Common Areas Improvements. Declarant anticipates it will 

construct, at its sole cost and expense, certain improvements as part of the Common Areas as 

Declarant determines in its sole discretion, which may include, without limitation, a community 

recreational center with pool, clubhouse, tennis courts, fitness center, meeting rooms, cafÈ, 

restaurant and bar (together the "Community Amenity"), a dog park, passive parks and other 

recreational facilities for the use and benefit of Owners, Lessees and their Immediate Family 

Members and guests (collectively, the "Recreational Facilities"). Declarant shall be the sole 

judge of the composition of any Common Area improvements comprising the Recreational 

Facilities. Prior to the Community Completion Date, Declarant reserves the absolute right to 

construct additional Common Area improvements (including Recreational Facilities) within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY, from time to time, in its sole discretion, and to remove, add to, modify and 

change the boundaries, facilities and improvements now or then part of the Common Areas 

(including Recreational Facilities). Declarant is not obligated to, nor has it represented that it will 

construct any Common Area improvements or Recreational Facilities. Declarant is the sole judge 

of the Common Area improvements and Recreational Facilities, including the plans, specifications, 

design, location, completion schedule, materials, size, and contents of the facilities, improvements, 

appurtenances, personal property (e.g., furniture), color, textures, finishes or changes or 

modifications to any of them. 

15 

003881 1 1786.v7 

Page 17 of 139 
†
9774 G2640 

OR BK 

9.3 Use of Common Areas by Declarant. Until the Community Completion Date, 

Declarant shall have the right to use any portion of the Common Areas, without charge, for any 

purpose deemed appropriate by Declarant. 

9.4 Conveyance. 

9.4. I Ogug!aJJy. The Common Areas may be designated by the Plat or in this 

Declaration, created in the form of easements, or conveyed to the Association by quitclaim 

deed or other instrument of conveyance as determined by the Declarant in its sole and 

absolute discretion. Association shall pay all costs of the conveyance at the Declarant's 

request. The designation of Common Areas, creation by easement, or conveyance shall be 

subject to easements, restrictions, reservations, conditions, limitations, and declarations of 

record, real estate taxes for the year of conveyance, zoning, land use regulations and survey 

matters. Association shall be deemed to have assumed and agreed to pay all continuing 

obligations and service and similar contracts relating to the ownership operation, 

maintenance, and administration of the conveyed portions of Common Areas and other 

obligations relating to the Common Areas imposed herein, and Association shall, and does 

hereby, indemnify and hold Declarant and the Declarant Indemnified Parties harmless on 

account thereof. Association, by its joinder to this Declaration, hereby accepts such 

dedication(s) or conveyance(s) without setoff, condition, or qualification of any nature. 

Association shall accept any and all transfer of permits from Declarant or any other 

permittee, of any permit required by a governmental agency in connection with the 

development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including, without limitation, the Permit, as 

modified and/or amended. Association shall cooperate with Declarant or any other 

permittee of such permits, as modified and/or amended, with any applications, 

certifications, documents or consents required to effectuate any such transfer of permits to 

the Association. THE COMMON AREAS, PERSONAL PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

THEREON AND APPURTENANCES THERETO SHALL BE CONVEYED TO THE 

ASSOCIATION IN "AS IS, WHERE IS" CONDITION WITHOUT ANY 

REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, IN FACT OR BY 

LAW, AS TO THE CONDITION, FITNESS OR MERCHANTABILITY OF SUCH 

COMMON AREAS PERSONAL PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT AND APPURTENANCES 

BEING CONVEYED. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such conveyance or 

encumbrance of such Common Areas is subject to an irrevocable ingress and egress 

easement in favor of each Owner granting access to their respective Lots. 

9.4.2 Common Area Reservations. Each deed of the Common Areas shall be 

subject to the following provisions: 

9.4.2.1 a perpetual nonexclusive easement in favor of governmental 

agencies for the maintenance and repair of existing road, speed and directional 

signs, if any; 

9.4.2.2 matters reflected on the Plat; 

9.4.2.3 perpetual non-exclusive easements in favor of Declarant and its 

successors and assigns in, to, upon and over all of the Common Areas for the 

16 

0038811\] 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 18 of 139 
†
9774 G2641 

OR BK 

purposes of vehicular and pedestrian ingress and egress, installation of 

improvements, utilities, landscaping and/or drainage, without charge, including, 

without limitation, the right to use such roadways for construction vehicles and 

equipment. These easements shall run in favor of Declarant and its employees, 

representatives, agents, licensees, guests, invitees, successors and/or assigns; 

9.4.2.4 the terms and conditions of the CDD Documents, this Declaration 

and all other restrictions, easements, covenants and other matters of record; 

9.4.2.5 in the event that Association believes that Declarant shall have failed 

in any respect to meet Declarant's obligations under this Declaration or has failed 

to comply with any of Declarant's obligations under law, or the Common Areas 

conveyed herein are defective in any respect, the Association shall give written 

notice to Declarant detailing the alleged failure or defect. Once the Association has 

given written notice to Declarant pursuant to this Section, the Association shall be 

obligated to permit Declarant and its agents to perform inspections of the Common 

Areas and to perform all tests and make all repairs/replacements deemed necessary 

by Declarant to respond to such notice at all reasonable times. Association agrees 

that any inspection, test and/or repair/replacement scheduled on a business day 

between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. shall be deemed scheduled at a reasonable time. The 

rights reserved in this Section include the right of Declarant to repair or address, in 

Declarant's sole option and expense, any aspect of the Common Areas deemed 

defective by Declarant during its inspections of the Common Areas. Association 

acknowledges and agrees that Association's failure to give the notice and/or 

otherwise comply with the provisions of this Section will irretrievably damage 

Declarant; and 

9.4.2.6 a reservation of right in favor of Declarant (so long as Declarant 

owns any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY) to require that Association re-convey 

all or a portion of the Common Areas by quitclaim deed in favor of Declarant in the 

event that such property is required to be owned by Declarant for any purpose, 

including without limitation, the reconfiguration of any adjacent property by 

replatting or otherwise. To the extent legally required, Association shall be deemed 

to have granted to Declarant an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an 

interest, for the purposes herein expressed. 

9.5 0 eration After Conve ance. Subject to the Association's right to grant easements 

and other interests as provided herein, and subject to the approval rights of the SWF WMD and the 

County under Section 25.1.7 below with respect to Common Areas containing or affecting the 

S W MS, the Association may not convey, abandon, alienate, encumber, or transfer all or a portion 

of the Common Areas to a third party without (i) if prior to the Turnover, (a) the approval of a 

majority of the Board; and (b) the written consent of Declarant, or (ii) from and after the Turnover, 

approval of (x) a majority of the Board; and (y) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly called meeting of the members. 

Paved Common Areas. The Common Areas may contain certain paved areas. 

9.6 

Without limiting any other provision of this Declaration, the Association is responsible for the 

17 

003881 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 19 of 139 
†
9774 G2642 

OR BK 

maintenance, repair and/or resurfacing of all paved surfaces, including but not limited to streets, 

alleyways, driveways, parking areas, pathways, bicycle paths, and sidewalks forming a part of the 

Common Areas, if any. Although pavenlent appears to be a durable material, it requires 

maintenance. Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to arrange for a periodic 

inspection of all paved surfaces forming a part of the Common Areas by a licensed paving 

contractor and/or engineer. The cost of such inspection shall be a part of the Operating Expenses 

of the Association. The Association shall determine periodically the parameters of the inspection 

to be performed, if any. Any patching, grading, or other maintenance work should be performed 

by a company licensed to perform the work and shall be an Operating Expense of the Association. 

9.7 Delegation. Once conveyed to the Association, the Common Areas and 

improvements located thereon shall at all times be under the complete supervision, operation, 

control, and management of the Association. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Association may 

delegate all or a portion of its obligations hereunder to a licensed manager or professional 

management company. Association specifically shall have the right to pay for management 

services on any basis approved by the Board (including bonuses or special fee arrangements for 

meeting financial or other goals). Declarant, its affiliates and/or subsidiaries shall have the right 

and option to manage Association at all times prior to Turnover. Owners and Association 

acknowledge that it is fair and reasonable to have Declarant, its affiliates and/or subsidiaries 

manage the Association prior to Turnover. Further, in the event that Common Area is created by 

easement, Association's obligations and rights with respect to such Common Area may be limited 

by the terms of the document creating such easement. 

9.8 Use. 

9.8. I Nonexclusive Use. Except as provided herein, the Common Areas shall be 

used and enjoyed by the Owners on a non-exclusive basis in common with other persons, 

entities and corporations (who may, but are not required to be, members of the Association) 

entitled to use those portions of the Common Areas subject to the Rules and Regulations 

applicable with respect to same. Prior to the Community Completion Date, Declarant, and 

thereafter, Association has the right, at any and all times, and from time to time, to further 

additionally provide and make the Common Areas available to other individuals, persons, 

firms, or corporations, as it deems appropriate. The granting of such rights shall not 

invalidate this Declaration, reduce or abate any Owner's obligations pursuant to this 

Declaration, or give any Owner the right to avoid any of the covenants, agreements or 

obligations to be performed hereunder. 

9.8.2 Right to Allow Use. Declarant and/or the Association may enter into 

easement agreements or other use or possession agreements whereby the Owners, 

Telecommunications Providers, and/or Association and/or others may obtain the use, 

possession of, or other rights regarding certain property, on an exclusive or non-exclusive 

basis, for certain specified purposes. Association may agree to maintain and pay the taxes, 

insurance, administration, upkeep, repair, and replacement of such property, the expenses 

of which shall be Operating Expenses. Any such agreement by the Association prior to the 

Community Completion Date shall require the prior written consent of Declarant. 

Thereafter, any such agreement shall require the approval of the majority of the Board, 

which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

18 

003881 

Page 20 of 139 
†
9774 G2643 

OR BK 

9.8.3 Water Levels of Wet and Dry Retention Areas and Lakes. NEITHER THE 

DECLARANT NOR THE ASSOCIATION MAKE ANY REPRESENTAFION 

CONCERNING THE CURRENT OR FUTURE WATER LEVELS IN ANY OF THE 

WET OR DRY RETENTION AREAS OR ANY LAKES WITHIN, ADJACENT TO OR 

AROUND DEL WEBB BEXLEYï, PROVIDED, FURTHER, NEITHER THE 

DECLARANT NOR THE ASSOCIATION BEAR ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO 

ATTEMPT rro ADJUST OR MODIFY THE WATER LEVELS SINCE SUCH LEVELS 

ARE SUBJECT TO SEASONAL GROUNDWATER AND RAINFALL 

FLUCTUATIONS THAT ARE BEYOND THE CONTROL OF THE DECLARANT AND 

THE ASSOCIATION. BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO A HOME OR LOT, EACH 

OWNER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE WATER LEVELS OF ALL SUCH WET OR 

DRY RETENTION AREAS AND LAKES MAY VARY. THERE IS NO GUARANTEE 

BY DECLARANT OR ASSOCIATION THAT WATER LEVELS WILL BE CONSTANT 

OR AESTHETICALLY PLEASING AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME; AT TIMES, WATER 

LEVELS MAY BE NONEXISTENT. DECLARANT AND THE ASSOCIATION SHALL 

NOT BE OBLIGATED TO ERECT FENCES, GATES, OR WALLS AROUND OR 

ADJACENT TO ANY WET OR DRY RETENTION AREAS OR LAKES WITHIN, 

ADJACENT TO OR AROUND DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

9.8.4 Obstruction of Common Areas. No portion of the Common Areas may be 

obstructed, encumbered, or used by Owners for any purpose other than as permitted by the 

Association. 

9.8.5 Assumption of Risk. Without limiting any other provision herein, (a) each 

Owner, for themselves, their Lessees and for the Immediate Family Members, Guests and 

invitees of such Owner or their Lessees, and (b) each member of the general public 

accessing or using any Common Areas or CDD Facilities (regardless of whether such 

access or use is permitted under this Declaration or otherwise), accepts and assumes all 

risk and responsibility for noise, liability, injury, or damage connected with use or 

occupancy of any portion of such Common Areas or CDD Facilities including, without 

limitation: (i) noise from maintenance equipment; (ii) use of pesticides, herbicides and 

fertilizers; (iii) view restrictions and impairment caused by the construction of any 

structures and/or the maturation of trees and shrubbery; (iv) reduction in privacy caused by 

the removal or pruning of shrubbery or trees within DEL WEBB BEXLEYï, and (v) design 

of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Each such person also expressly indemnifies and 

agrees to hold harmless the Indemnified Parties from any and all losses, liabilities, costs, 

damages and expenses, whether direct or consequential, arising from or related to the 

person's use of the Common Areas or CDD Facilities, including for attorneys' fees, 

paraprofessional fees and costs before trial, at trial and upon appeal. Without limiting the 

foregoing, all persons using the Common Areas or CDD Facilities, including, without 

limitation, all wet and dry retention areas, lakes or areas adjacent to any water body, do so 

at their own risk. Nothing herein shall be deemed to grant any such Owner, family member, 

guest, tenant, invitee or member of the general public any rights of access to or use of any 

such wet or dry retention area, lake or water body unless such right is expressly granted by 

this Declaration, the Association or the CDD, and all such access and use shall be subject 

to the Rules and Regulations applicable with respect to same. BY ACCEPTANCE OF A 

DEED, EACH OWNER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE COMMON AREAS AND CDD 

19 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 21 of 139 
†
9774 

OR BK 

G 2644 

Page 22 of 139 

FACILITIES MAY CONTAIN WILDLIFE SUCH AS INSECTS, ALLIGATORS, 

COYOTES, RACCOONS, SNAKES, DUCKS, DEER, SWINE, TURKEYS, BEARS 

AND FOXES. DECLARANT, THE CDD AND THE ASSOCIATION SHALL HAVE NO 

RESPONSIBILITY FOR MONITORING SUCH WILDLIFE OR NOTIFYING 

OWNERS OR OTHER PERSONS OF THE PRESENCE OF SUCH WILDLIFE. EACH 

OWNER OR LESSEES AND HIS OR HER IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS, 

GUESTS AND INVITEES ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THEIR OWN SAFETY. 

9.8.6 Owners' Obli ation to Indemnif . Each Owner agrees to indemnify and 

hold harmless the Indemnified Parties against all actions, injury, claims, loss, liability, 

damages, costs and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever ("Losses") incurred by or 

asserted against any of the Indemnified Parties from and after the date hereof, whether 

direct, indirect, or consequential, as a result of or in any way related to the Common Areas, 

including, without limitation, use of the wet and dry retention areas and lakes within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY by Owners and Lessees, and their Immediate Family Members, guests, 

invitees, or agents. Should any Owner bring suit against Declarant, the Association, the 

CDD or any of the Indemnified Parties for any claim or matter and fail to obtain judgment 

therein against such Indemnified Parties, such Owner shall be liable to such parties for all 

Losses, costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnified Parties in the defense of such suit, 

including attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees before trial, at trial and upon appeal. 

9.9 Rules and Regulations. 

9.9. I q_guualJy. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant, and thereafter Association, 

shall have the right to adopt Rules and Regulations governing the use of the Common 

Areas. The Rules and Regulations need not be recorded in the Public Records. The 

Common Areas shall be used in accordance with this Declaration and Rules and 

Regulations promulgated hereunder. 

9.9.2 Declarant Not Subïect to Rules and Re ulations. The Rules and 

Regulations shall not apply to Declarant or to any property owned by Declarant, and shall 

not be applied in a manner which would adversely affect the interests of Declarant. Without 

limiting the foregoing, Declarant and its assigns shall have the right to: (i) develop and 

construct Lots, Homes, Common Areas, and related improvements within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, and make any additions, alterations, improvements, or changes thereto; (ii) 

maintain sales offices (for the sale and re-sale of (a) Lots and 1-101nes and (b) residences 

and properties located outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY), general office and construction 

operations within DEL WEBB BEXLEYï, (iii) place, erect or construct portable, temporary 

or accessory buildings or structures within DEL WEBB BEXLEY for sales, construction, 

storage or other purposes up to the point of completion of development and sales for all 

Homes to be constructed in DEL WEBB BEXLEY; (iv) temporarily deposit, dump or 

accumulate materials, trash, refuse and rubbish in connection with the development or 

construction of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY; (v) post, display, inscribe or affix to 

the exterior of any portion of the Common Areas, or portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

including the CDD Facilities, signs and other materials used in developing, constructing, 

selling or promoting the sale of any portion DEL WEBB BEXLEY including, without 

limitation, Lots, Parcels and Homes; (vi) excavate fill from any lakes or waterways within 

20 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2645 

OR BK 

and/or contiguous to DEL WEBB BEXLEY by dredge or dragline, store fill within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY and remove and/or sell excess fill; and grow or store plants and trees 

within, or contiguous to, DEL WEBB BEXLEY and use and/or sell excess plants and trees, 

all of which shall be incidental to Declarant's development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and 

not a separate business operation; and (vii) undertake all activities which, in the sole 

opinion of Declarant is necessary or convenient for the development and sale of any lands 

and improvements comprising DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

9.10 [Intentionally Deleted] 

9.11 Default by. Owners. No default by any Owner in the performance of the covenants 

and promises contained in this Declaration shall be construed or considered (i) a breach by 

Declarant or Association of any of their promises or covenants in this Declaration; (ii) an actual, 

implied or constructive dispossession of another Owner from the Common Areas; or (iii) an 

excuse, justification, waiver or indulgence of the covenants and promises contained in this 

Declaration. 

9.12 Special Taxing Districts. For as long as Declarant controls Association, Declarant 

shall have the right, but not the obligation, to dedicate or transfer or cause the dedication or transfer 

of all or portions of the Common Areas of DEL WEBB BEXLEY to a special taxing district, or a 

public agency or authority under such terms as Declarant deems appropriate in order to create or 

contract with special taxing districts and community development districts (or others) for lighting, 

perimeter walls, entrance features, roads, landscaping, irrigation areas, ponds, surface water 

management systems, wetlands mitigation areas, parks, recreational or other services, security or 

communications, or other similar purposes deemed appropriate by Declarant, including without 

limitation, the maintenance and/or operation of any of the foregoing. As hereinafter provided, 

Declarant may sign any taxing district petition as attorney-in-fact for each Owner. Each Owner's 

obligation to pay taxes associated with such district shall be in addition to such Owner's obligation 

to pay Assessments. Any special taxing district shall be created pursuant to all applicable 

ordinances of County and all other applicable governing entities having jurisdiction with respect 

to the same. 

In the event the County or any of its 

9.13 Driveway Repair or Replacement. 

subdivisions, agencies, and/or divisions must remove any portion of an Owner's driveway, then 

the Owner of such driveway shall be responsible to replace or repair the driveway at such Owner's 

expense, if such expenses are not paid for by the County. In the event an Owner does not comply 

with this Section 9.13, the Association may perform the necessary maintenance or replacement 

and charge the costs thereof to the non-complying Owner as an Individual Assessment. 

In the 

event that Association is the prevailing party with respect to any litigation respecting the 

enforcement of compliance with this Section 9.13, it shall be entitled to recover all of its attorneys' 

fees and paraprofessional fees, and costs, before trial, at trial and upon appeal. Each Owner grants 

the Association an easement over their Lot for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the 

requirements of this Section 9.13. 

9.14 Association's and Owners' Obli ation to Indemnif . Association and Owners each 

covenant and agree jointly and severally to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Declarant 

Indemnified Parties and CDD Indemnified Parties from and against any and all claims, suits, 

21 

003881 

Page 23 of 139 
†
9774 G2646 

OR BK 

liabilities, losses, actions, causes of action, damages or expenses arising from any personal injury, 

loss of life, or damage to property, sustained on or about the Common Areas or CDD Facilities, or 

other property serving Association, and improvements thereon, or resulting from or arising out of 

activities or operations of the Association, or Owners (and their Lessees, Immediate Family 

Members, guests and Invitees) or members of the general public, and from and against all costs, 

expenses, court costs, attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees (including, but not limited to, 

before trial and all trial and appellate levels and whether or not suit be instituted), expenses and 

liabilities incurred or arising from any such claim, the investigation thereof, or the defense of any 

action or proceedings brought thereon, and from and against any orders, judgments or decrees 

which may be entered relating thereto. The costs and expense of fulfilling this covenant of 

indemnification shall be Operating Expenses to the extent such matters are not covered by 

insurance maintained by the Association. 

9.15 Site Plans and Plats. The Plat may identify some of the Common Areas within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. The description of the Common Areas and any Recreational Facilities on the 

Plat is subject to change and the notes on the Plat are not a guarantee of what facilities will be 

constructed on such Common Areas. Site plans used by Declarant in its marketing efforts illustrate 

the types of facilities which may be constructed on the Common Areas, but such site plans are not 

a guarantee of what facilities will actually be constructed. Each Owner should not rely on the Plat 

or any site plans used for illustration purposes as the Declaration governs the rights and obligations 

of Declarant and Owners with respect to the Common Areas and any Recreational Facilities. 

9.16 Recreational Facilities. 

9.16.1 General Restrictions. Each Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member and 

other person entitled to use the Recreational Facilities shall comply with following general 

restrictions: 

Minors. Minors are permitted to use the Recreational 

9.16.1.1 

Facilities; provided, however, parents and legal guardians for such minors are 

responsible for the actions and safety of such minors and any damages caused by 

such minors. Parents and legal guardians are responsible for the actions and safety 

of such minors and any damages to the Recreational Facilities caused by such 

minors. The Association Inay adopt reasonable Rules and Regulations from time 

to time governing minors' use of the Recreational Facilities, including without 

limitation, requirements that minors be accompanied by adults while using the 

Recreational Facilities. 

Responsibility for Personal Property and Persons. Each 

9.16.1.2 

Owner assumes sole responsibility for the health, safety, welfare and actions of such 

Owner, his or her Lessees, Immediate Family Members and guests, and the personal 

property of all of the foregoing, and each Owner shall not allow any such parties to 

damage the Recreational Facilities or interfere with the rights of other Owners and 

other parties permitted to use such Recreational Facilities hereunder. Neither the 

Declarant nor the Association shall be responsible for any loss or damage to any 

private property used, placed or stored on the Recreational Facilities. Further, any 

person entel'ing the Recreational Facilities assulnes all risk of loss with respect to 

22 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 24 of 139 
†
9774 G2647 

OR BK 

his or her equipment, jewelry or other possessions, including without limitation, 

purses, backpacks, wallets, phones, portable electronic devices, books, clothing, 

sports equipment or other items left in the Recreational Facilities. 

Activities. Any Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member, 

9.16.1.3 

guest, invitee or other person who, in any manner, makes use of the Recreational 

Facilities, or who engages in any contest, game, function, exercise, competition or 

other activity operated, organized, arranged or sponsored either on or off the 

Recreational Facilities, shall do so at their own risk. Every Owner shall be liable 

for any property damage and/or personal injury at the Recreational Facilities, 

caused by any Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member, invitee or guest. No 

Owner may use the Recreational Facilities for any society, party, religious, political, 

charitable, fraternal, civil, fund-raising or other purposes without the prior written 

consent of the Association, which consent may be withheld for any reason. 

Guests and Invitees. Guests and invitees must be 

9.16.1.4 

accompanied by an Owner, Lessee or Immediate Family Member at all times when 

making use of the Recreational Facilities. 

9.16.2 Recreational Facilities Personal Pro ert . Property or furniture used in 

connection with the Recreational Facilities shall not be removed from the location in which 

it is placed or from the Recreational Facilities. 

9.16.3 Indemnification. By the use of the Recreational Facilities, each Owner, 

Lessee, Immediate Family Member, invitee and guest agrees to indemnify and hold 

harmless the Indemnified Parties against all Losses incurred by or asserted against any of 

the Indemnified Parties from and after the date hereof, whether direct, indirect, or 

consequential, as a result of or in any way related to use of the Recreational Facilities by 

Owners, Lessees, Immediate Family Members and their guests and/or from any act or 

omission of the any of the Indemnified Parties. Losses shall include the deductible payable 

under any of the Association's insurance policies. 

9.16.4 Attorney_'s Fees. Should any Owner, Lessee or Immediate Family Member, 

guest or invitee bring suit against the Indemnified Parties for any claim or matter and fail 

to obtain judgment therein against such Indemnified Parties, the Owner, Lessee, and/or 

Immediate Family Member shall be liable to such parties for all Losses, costs and expenses 

incurred by the Indemnified Parties in the defense of such suit, including attorneys' fees 

and paraprofessional fees at trial and upon appeal. 

9.16.5 Basis For Suspension. The rights of an Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family 

Member, guest, invitee or other individual to use the Recreational Facilities may be 

suspended by the Association if, in the sole judgment of the Association: 

such person is not an Owner or a Lessee or an Immediate 

9.16.5.1 

Family Member or permitted guest of an Owner or Lessee; 

23 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 25 of 139 
†
9774 G2648 

OR BK 

the Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member, guest, 

9.16.5.2 

invitee or other person for whom an Owner or Lessee is responsible violates one or 

more of the Association's Rules and Regulations; 

an Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member and/or guest 

9.16.5.3 

or invitee has injured, harmed or threatened to injure or harm any person within the 

Recreational Facilities, or harmed, destroyed or stolen any personal property within 

the Recreational Facilities, whether belonging to an Owner, third party or to the 

Page 26 of 139 

Association: or 

9.16.5.4 

an Owner fails to pay Assessments due. 

9.16.6 Types of Suspension. The Association may restrict or suspend, for cause or 

causes described herein, any Owner's privileges to use any or all of the Recreational 

Facilities. By way of example, and not as a limitation, the Association may suspend a 

Lessee's privileges to use any or all of the Recreational Facilities if such Lessee's Owner 

fails to pay Assessments due in connection with a leased Home. In addition, the 

Association may suspend the rights of a particular Owner or Lessee (and/or Immediate 

Family Member) or prohibit an Owner or Lessee (and/or Immediate Family Member) from 

using a portion of the Recreational Facilities. No Owner whose privileges have been fully 

or partially suspended shall, on account of any such restriction or suspension, be entitled 

to any refund or abatement of Assessments or any other fees. During the restriction or 

suspension, Assessments shall continue to accrue and be payable each month. Under no 

circumstance will an Owner be reinstated until all Assessments and other amounts due to 

the Association are paid in full. The Board may suspend an Owner's of Lessee's right to 

use the Recreational Facilities as a result of failure to pay Assessments without prior notice 

or a hearing. Any suspension of an Owner's or Lessee's rights to use the Recreational 

Facilities for any other reason shall be imposed after fourteen (14) days' notice to such 

Owner or Lessee and an opportunity for a hearing before a committee of the Board which 

is comprised of three (3) members who are not officers, directors, or employees of the 

Association, or the spouse, parent, child, brother, or sister of an officer, director, or 

employee of the Association, and such suspension may not be imposed without the 

approval of a majority of the members of such committee. If the Association imposes a 

suspension, the Association must provide written notice of such suspension by mail or hand 

delivery to the Owner or Lessee. 

10. Maintenance by the Association. The following provisions shall relate to all Lots and 

Homes within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

10.1 Common Areas. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Declaration to 

the contrary, the Association shall at all tinies maintain, repair, replace and insure the Common 

Areas, including all improvements placed thereon. 

10.2 Landsca in and Irrioation Maintenance. The Association shall be responsible for 

the following maintenance (together the "Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance"): 

24 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2649 

OR BK 

10.2. I operation, maintenance, repair and replacement of any irrigation equipment 

(including, without limitation, any sprinklers, pumps, wells, water lines and time clocks, 

wherever located) serving the Lots (the "Lot Irrigation System"), including water, 

reclaimed water and other utility charges, except that the Association shall have no 

responsibility for any sprinklers or other irrigation equipment installed by the Owner or 

occupant of any Lot; 

10.2.2 maintenance (including, mowing, fertilizing, watering, mulching, pruning, 

and replacing as deemed necessary by the Association in its sole discretion, and controlling 

disease and insects), of all lawns and landscaping installed on the Lots as part of the initial 

construction on the Lots, specifically excluding landscaping located within any fenced in 

or enclosed area containing a pool installed on the Lot by Declarant in connection with the 

initial construction of a home or by any Owner with ARC approval (each a "Pool 

Enclosure" and such landscaping "Pool Enclosure Landscaping"). Pool Enclosure 

Landscaping must be approved by the ARC and shall be irrigated and maintained by the 

Lot Owner at their sole cost and expense; 

10.2.3 No Owner or Lessee shall install any additional landscaping, including 

flowers, trees or shrubs, on any Lot after completion of initial construction on any Lot 

without obtaining ARC approval of same. Any such landscaping installed by an Owner 

(including prior Owners) on any Lot (the "Owner Installed Landscaping"), regardless of 

whether such Owner Installed Landscaping is permitted pursuant to this Section 10.2, shall 

be the responsibility of the Owner and not the responsibility of the Association. The 

Association may, but shall not be obligated to, irrigate, fertilize, spray for insects, mulch, 

trim or prune Owner Installed Landscaping, with the additional cost of same to be an 

additional Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot. The Association may also 

elect to discontinue irrigation and maintenance of Owner Installed Landscaping at any time 

in its sole discretion. In no event shall the Association be responsible to maintain Pool 

Enclosure Landscaping. Any (i) Owner Installed Landscaping installed or maintained on 

any Lot and (ii) any Association irrigation or maintenance of any Owner Installed 

Landscaping on any Lot shall be at such Lot Owner's sole expense and risk. The 

Association shall not be responsible for damage to, or obligated to replace any, Owner 

Installed Landscaping or Pool Enclosure Landscaping under any circumstances. Nothing 

herein shall be deemed to authorize the installation of Owner Installed Landscaping, Pool 

Enclosures or Pool Enclosure Landscaping on any Lot by any Owner without ARC 

approval of same, which can be withheld in the ARC's sole discretion. 

10.2.4 The operation and maintenance of the Lot Irrigation System shall be under 

the exclusive control of the Association and any landscaping or irrigation contractor 

retained by the Association. No Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member or other guest 

or invitee shall attempt to program, tamper with, alter or modify any Lot Irrigation System 

or the spray field or hours of operation of any Lot Irrigation System. If any portion of an 

Owner's Lot Irrigation System is malfunctioning, such Owner or their Lessee shall 

promptly notify the Association with respect to same. 

All other portions of the Lots and Homes, including any driveways, sidewalks, walkways, 

porches, patios or courtyards, shall be the responsibility of the respective Owners, including, 

25 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 27 of 139 
†
9774 G2650 

OR BK 

without limitation, maintenance, repair, and replacement, as necessary, of all pipes, lines, wires, 

conduits, or other apparatus which serve only the Lot, whether located within or outside the Lot's 

boundaries (including all utility lines and courtyard drain and associated pipes serving only the 

Lot). The cost of Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance shall be an Individual Assessment 

against each Lot pursuant to Section 17.2.6 below and shall vary based upon the size categories 

for such Lots established by the Association, but shall be uniform for all Lots within each size 

category. 

10.3 Natural Buffers. The Plat designates portions of Lots or Tracts which are subject 

to an easement for "Perimeter Natural Buffer" or similar purposes (a "Perimeter Buffer 

Easement"). No Owner or Lessee shall clear, install, remove, modify, disturb or alter any 

landscaping located within any Perimeter Buffer Easement, it being the intent that such areas 

remain in their natural vegetative state. 

10.4 Landscape Maintenance. The Association shall maintain all landscaping within any 

"Landscape Easement" "Landscape/ Wall Tract" or other portion of any Lot or Tract (a) dedicated 

to the Association for landscape purposes ("Landscape Tract") or (b) subject to a landscaping 

easement in favor of the Association (a "Landscape Easement") as designated on the Plat or by 

separate recorded easement. The Association may also irrigate and maintain landscaping within 

any CDD Tract and maintain, repair and replace any portion of the Perimeter Wall/Fence within 

any CDD Tract pursuant to a separate maintenance agreement with the CDD, and all cost of same 

shall be an Operating Expense. No Owner or Lessee shall install, remove, maintain, modify, 

disturb or alter any landscaping installed within any Landscape Easement. Except as otherwise 

provided in this Declaration, the Association shall have no responsibility for the maintenance of 

landscaped areas within any Lot, including without limitation, any Owner Installed Landscaping 

or Pool Enclosure Landscaping. Except as provided in this Declaration or to the extent expressly 

assumed by the Association or CDD, the record title owner of each such Lot shall be responsible 

for the repair, replacement and maintenance of the irrigation and all landscaped areas and other 

improvements within any portion of the Lot, including, without limitation, maintenance of the 

elevation, grade and slope of the Lot, maintenance of the portion of the S W MS located on the Lot 

and repairing any damage to sidewalks, utilities or the S W MS resulting from any trees or 

landscaping on the Lot. 

10.5 Roadways. All roadways within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be private roadways 

which shall be maintained by the Association as an Operating Expense. THE ROADWAYS 

ADJACENT OR IN PROXIMITY TO DEL WEBB BEXLEY ARE PART OF THE PUBLIC 

SYSTEM OF ROADWAYS TO BE MAINTAINED BY THE COUNTY OR CDD. EACH 

OWNER BY THE ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO THEIR LOT ACKNOWLEDGES AND 

AGREES THAT THE ASSOCIATION AND DECLARANT HAVE NO CONTROL WITH 

REGARD TO ACCESS AND USAGE OF SUCH ROADWAYS BY THE GENERAL PUBLIC 

OR MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ROADWAYS BY THE COUNTY OR CDD. 

10.6 Adjoining Areas. The CDD shall maintain those drainage areas, swales, lake 

maintenance easements, lake slopes and banks that are within the Common Areas or Lots. The 

CDD shall have an easement for ingress and egress across the Common Areas and across Lots as 

necessary for access to any such areas that are not readily accessible to the CDD through the 

Common Areas. The CDD shall be responsible for maintaining the landscaped areas adjoining 

26 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 28 of 139 
†
9774 G2651 

OR BK 

wet and dry retention areas that coinprise the S W MS dedicated to the CDI) by Plat. The 

Association may enter into an agreement with the CDD providing for the Association to maintain 

solne or all of such landscaped areas, which landscape maintenance may be done (i) at the expense 

of the CDD, (ii) as an Operating Expense of the Association or (iii) some combination of (i) and 

(ii) at the Board's sole and absolute discretion. The CDD's right to maintain any portion of the 

S W MS dedicated to the County by Plat, if any, shall be, if necessary, pursuant to a separate "Use 

Agreement" with the County. 

10.7 Repair of Damage Caused by Owners. The expense of any maintenance, repair or 

construction of any portion of the Common Areas or CDD Facilities necessitated by the negligent 

or willful acts of an Owner, or persons utilizing the Common Areas or CDD Facilities through or 

under an Owner, including Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests and invitees, shall be 

borne solely by such Owner and the Lot owned by such Owner shall be subject to an Individual 

Assessment for that expense. By way of example, and not of limitation, an Owner shall be 

responsible for the removal of all landscaping and structures placed within easements or Common 

Areas or CDD Facilities by such Owner or their Lessees without the prior written approval of the 

Association or CDD, as applicable. 

10.8 Declarant, the CDD and the Association are granted a perpetual and 

irrevocable easement over, under and across all of DEL WEBB BEXLEY for the purposes herein 

expressed, including, without limitation, for inspections to ascertain compliance with the 

provisions of this Declaration, and for the performance of any maintenance, alteration or repair 

which they are entitled to perform. Without limiting the foregoing, Declarant specifically reserves 

easements for all purposes necessary to comply with any governmental requirement or to satisfy 

any condition that is a prerequisite for a governmental approval. By way of example, and not of 

limitation, Declarant may construct, maintain, repair, alter, replace and/or remove improvements; 

install landscaping; install utilities; and/or remove structures on any portion of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY if Declarant is required to do so in order to obtain the release of any bond posted with 

any governmental agency. 

10.9 Maintenance of Property Owned by_ Others. Association shall, if designated by 

Declarant (or by the Association after the Community Completion Date) by amendment to this 

Declaration or any document of record, maintain vegetation, landscaping, wetlands, conservation 

areas, irrigation systems, community identification/features and/or other improvements, areas or 

elements designated by Declarant (or by the Association after the Community Completion Date) 

upon areas that are within or outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Such areas may abut, or be 

proximate to, DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and may be owned by, or be dedicated to, others including, 

but not limited to, the Bexley Residential Association, CDD, a utility, governmental or quasi- 

governmental entity or a property owners association. These areas may include (for example and 

not limitation) parks, swale areas, landscape buffer areas, berm areas or median areas within the 

right-of-way of public streets, roads, wetlands, conservation areas, drainage areas, community 

identification or entrance features, community signage or other identification and/or areas within 

canal rights-of-ways or other abutting waterways. To the extent provided in any agreement 

between Declarant and Association for the maintenance of any lakes or ponds outside DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, the Association shall maintain the same and the costs thereof shall be paid by Owners 

as part of the Operating Expenses. The Association shall have the right to enter into new 

agreements or arrangements from time to time for improvements and facilities serving the 

27 

003881 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 29 of 139 
†
9774 G2652 

OR BK 

members of the Association or to amend the foregoing if the Board deems the same reasonable 

and appropriate for the continued use and benefit of any part of the Common Areas. 

10.10 Perimeter Walls and Fences. The Declarant or CDD may install perimeter walls or 

fences, including a retaining wall, within any fence or wall easement (the "Perimeter Wall/Fence 

Easement") within DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including any Lot, Common Area or any CDD Tract) 

as set forth on the Plat or created pursuant to this Declaration or by separate easement instrument 

or maintenance agreement with respect to same (the "Perimeter Walls/Fences"). The Association 

or CDD, as applicable, at all times shall have the right to maintain, repair, replace any Perimeter 

Walls/Fences within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including Perimeter Walls/Fences located on Lots, 

Common Areas or on any CDD Tract; however, each Owner shall maintain the interior of any 

Perimeter Walls/Fences or portion thereof located on such Owner's Lot. To the extent permitted 

as part of a Pool Enclosure, Owners may install walls or fences on their Lot which abut 

perpendicularly (or at such other angle consistent with the angle of intersection of the lot lines of 

such Owner's Lot with the Perimeter Wall/Fence) against any Perimeter Walls/Fences, but no such 

wall or fence or any other improvements installed by any Owner may be affixed or attached to any 

Perimeter Walls/Fences or otherwise located within a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement. In addition, 

no Owner may install or permit to grow any trees, shrubs or landscaping other than sod within any 

Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement or within five (5) feet of any Perimeter Walls/Fences. The 

Association, or CDD, as applicable, may perform (and is hereby granted an easement of ingress 

and egress and temporary construction over all Lots as reasonably necessary to perform) any such 

maintenance, repairs or replacement of the Perimeter Walls/Fences at their discretion and the costs 

of any such maintenance, repairs or replacement by the Association shall be Operating Expenses. 

Failure of the Association or CDD, as applicable, to undertake any such maintenance, replacement 

or repair of the Perimeter Walls/Fences shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so 

thereafter. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, the Declarant 

neither commits to, nor shall hereby be obligated to, construct such Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

10.11 The Association shall be responsible for the costs, charges and 

expenses incurred in connection with) maintenance of sidewalks, swales and drainage structures 

(to the extent not maintained by the CDD), irrigation, trees and landscaping located in the public 

right-of-way adjacent to any Common Areas (if any). Any costs associated with any such 

maintenance of the public right-of-way adjacent to any Common Areas shall be deemed part of 

the Operating Expenses. 

10.12 Sidewalks. The Association shall be responsible for the maintenance and repair of 

all sidewalks within DEL WEBB BEXLEY located in the Common Areas or on any Lot; however, 

each Owner agrees to reimburse the Association any expense incurred in repairing any damage to 

such sidewalk in the event that the negligent or willful acts of such Owner, their Lessees, 

Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees caused such damage to any sidewalk area. Failure 

of an Owner to reimburse the Association any costs necessitated by such negligent or willful acts 

shall subject the Owner to an Individual Assessment for such costs. Maintenance, repair and 

replacement of sidewalks and walkways located on any Lot, including walkways from the 

driveway to the Home, shall be the responsibility of the Lot Owner. 

10.13 Intentionally Deleted. 

28 

003881 1 1 786.v7 

Page 30 of 139 
†
9774 G2653 

OR BK 

10.14 CDD Facilities. The CDD may contract with the Association for the maintenance, 

repair, and replacement of the CDD Facilities in the CDD's sole and absolute discretion and subject 

to any written agreement accepted by the Association in its sole and absolute discretion. In 

addition, if the Association desires that the CDD Facilities, or any portion thereof, be maintained, 

repaired and/or replaced to a higher level or standard than that which the CDD provides, the 

Association shall have the right, with the written consent of the CDD, to perform such additional 

maintenance, repair, and/or replacement as it desires, the costs and expenses of which shall be a 

part of the Operating Expenses of the Association. 

11. Maintenance by Owners. Each Owner shall maintain his or her Lot and Home, including 

without limitation, all structural components, landscaping, driveways, garage doors, and any other 

improvements comprising the Lot or Home in first class, good, safe, clean, neat and attractive 

condition consistent with the general appearance of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, except to the extent 

such maintenance responsibility is specifically the obligation of the Association pursuant to the 

terms of this Declaration, including the Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance to be conducted 

by the Association pursuant to Section 10.2 above. In the event Lots and Homes are not maintained 

by the Owner of the Lot in accordance with the requirements of this Section 11, the Association 

may, but shall not be obligated to, perform the maintenance obligations on behalf of the Owner 

and recover all costs and expenses incurred by the Association in connection with same as an 

Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot pursuant to Section 17.2.6 below. 

11.1 Right of Association to Enforce. Declarant hereby grants the Association an 

easement over each Lot for the purpose of insuring compliance with the requirements of this 

Section ll. In the event an Owner does not comply with this Section Il, the Association may 

perform the necessary maintenance and charge the costs thereof to the noncomplying Owner as an 

Individual Assessment. The Association shall have the right to enforce this Section 11 by all 

necessary legal action. In the event that Association is the prevailing party with respect to any 

litigation respecting the enforcement of compliance with this Section Il , 

it shall be entitled to 

recover all of its attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees, and costs, before trial, at trial and upon 

appeal. 

11.2 Intentionally Deleted. 

Intentionally Deleted. 

11.3 

11.4 Weeds and Refuse. No weeds, underbrush, or other unsightly growth shall be 

permitted to be grown or remain upon the cleared portion of any Lot. No refuse or unsightly 

objects shall be allowed to be placed or allowed to remain upon any Lot. 

11.5 Paved Surfaces. Each Owner shall be responsible to timely repair, maintain and/or 

replace the driveways, walkways and all other paved surfaces comprising part of a Lot except 

sidewalks to be maintained by the Association. In the event the County or any of its subdivisions, 

agencies, and/or divisions must remove any portion of an Owner's driveway, walkway or other 

paved surface of a Lot for the installation, repair, replacement or maintenance of utilities, then the 

Owner of the applicable Lot will be responsible to replace or repair such paved surfaces at such 

Owner's expense. Further, each Owner agrees to reimburse the Association any expense incurred 

in repairing any damage to such paved surfaces in the event that such Owner fails to make the 

29 

003881 1 u 74366\343 1786N7 

Page 31 of 139 
†
9774 G2654 

OR BK 

required repairs, together with interest at the highest rate allowed by law. In the event an Owner 

does not comply with this Section, the Association may perform the necessary maintenance and 

charge the costs thereof to the non-complying Owner as an Individual Assessment. 

11.6 Water Intrusion. Florida experiences heavy rainfall and humidity on a regular basis. 

Each Owner is responsible for making sure his or her Home remains watertight including, without 

limitation, checking caulking around windows and seals on doors. Each Owner acknowledges that 

running air conditioning machinery with windows and/or doors open in humid conditions can 

result in condensation, mold and/or water intrusion. Declarant and Association shall not have 

liability under such circumstances for any damage or loss that an Owner may incur. FURTHER, 

GIVEN THE CLIMATE AND HUMID CONDITIONS IN FLORIDA, MOLDS, MILDEW, 

TOXINS AND FUNGI MAY EXIST AND/OR DEVELOP WITHIN HOMES. EACH OWNER 

IS HEREBY ADVISED THAT CERTAIN MOLDS, MILDEW, TOXINS AND/OR FUNGI MAY 

BE, OR IF ALLOWED TO REMAIN FOR A SUFFICIENT PERIOD MAY BECOME, TOXIC 

AND POTENTIALLY POSE A HEALTH RISK. BY ACQUIRING TITLE TO A HOME 

AND/OR LOT, EACH OWNER, FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES, THEIR 

LESSEES AND THE IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF THEMSELVES AND THEIR 

LESSEES, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ASSUMED THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH 

MOLDS, MILDEW, TOXINS AND/OR FUNGI AND TO HAVE RELEASED DECLARANT 

AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES FROM ANY AND LIABILITY RESULTING FROM 

SAME. 

11.7 NO tree installed by the Declarant in such public right-of-ways, if 

any, adjacent to any Owner's Lot shall be felled, removed, or cut down unless such tree represents 

a hazard to the Home or other improvements on the Lot, or to persons occupying or utilizing DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. 

11.8 Party Walls. Each wall or fence, any part of which is placed on a dividing line 

between separate Lots as part of the original construction on the Lots shall constitute a "Party 

Wall." Each adjoining Owner's obligation with respect to Party Walls shall be determined by this 

Declaration, except as otherwise required by Florida law. 

11.8. I Sharing Repair and Maintenance. Each Owner shall maintain the exterior 

surface of a Party Wall facing his Lot. Except as provided in this Section 11.8, the cost of 

reasonable repair shall be shared equally by adjoining Lot Owners. 

1 1.8.2 Damage-by-Oue-Qyngr. Ifa Party Wall is damaged or destroyed by the act 

of one adjoining Owner, or his guests, tenants, licensees, agents or family members 

(whether or not such act is negligent or otherwise culpable), then that Owner shall 

immediately rebuild or repair the Party Wall to its prior condition without cost to the 

adjoining Owner and shall indemnify the adjoining Owner from any consequential 

damages, loss or liabilities. No Owner shall violate any of the following restrictions and 

any damage (whether cosmetic or structural) resulting from violation of any of the 

following restrictions shall be considered caused by the Owner causing such action or 

allowing such action to occur on such Owner's Lot: 

30 

003881 1 \ 174366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 32 of 139 
†
9774 G2655 

OR BK 

No Owner shall allow sprinklers installed or operated by 

11.8.2.1 

such Owner with respect to Pool Enclosure Landscaping to spray or other water 

sources owned or operated by such Owner or their Lessee to deliver water within 

one foot (l ') of any Party Wall, excluding rainfall that falls directly on such area 

(i.e. an Owner or Lessee shall not collect rainfall from other portions of the Lot and 

deliver it within one foot (1 ') of any Party Wall); 

No Owner shall allow attachment of anything, including but 

I I .8.2.2 

not limited to any climbing plant or vine, to any Party Wall; and 

11.8.3 Other Damage. If a Party Wall is damaged or destroyed by any cause other 

than the act of one of the adjoining Owners, his agents, tenants, licensees, guests or family 

members (including ordinary wear and tear and deterioration from lapse of time), then the 

adjoining Owners shall rebuild or repair the Party Wall to its prior condition, equally 

sharing the expense; provided, however, that if a Party Wall is damaged or destroyed as a 

result of an accident or circumstances that originate or occur on a particular Lot (whether 

or not such accident or circumstance is caused by the action or inaction of the Owner of 

that Lot, or his agents, tenants, licensees, guests or family members) then in such event, 

the Owner of that particular Lot shall be solely responsible for the cost of rebuilding or 

repairing the Party Wall and shall immediately repair the Party Wall to its prior condition. 

11.8.4 Association Right to Repair. 

In the event that the Owner or Owners 

responsible for rebuilding, repairing, maintaining or replacing a Party Wall as provided 

above fail to conduct such required work with respect to the Party Wall, the Association 

may, but shall not be obligated to, conduct any or all such rebuilding, repairing, 

maintenance or replacement with respect to such Party Wall and the Owner or Owners 

originally responsible for same shall reimburse the Association for all costs and expenses 

incurred by the Association in connection with same, and shall be subject to an Individual 

Assessment against their Lot or Lots for all such costs and expenses. 

1 1.8.5 Each Owner shall permit the Owners of adjoining Lots, or 

their representatives, to enter his Lot for the purpose of installations, alteration, or repairs 

to a Party Wall on the Lot of such adjoining Owners, provided that other than for 

emergencies, requests for entry are made in advance and that such entry is at a time 

reasonably convenient to the Owner of the adjoining Lot. An adjoining Owner making 

entry pursuant to this Section shall not be deemed guilty of trespassing by reason of such 

entry. Such entering Owner shall indemnify the adjoining Owner from any consequential 

damages sustained by reason of such entry. 

1 1.8.6 Right of Contribution. The right of any Owner to contribution from any 

other Owner under this Section 11.8 shall be appurtenant to the land and shall pass to such 

Owner's successors in title. 

11.8.7 Consent of Adjoining Owner. In addition to meeting the requirements of 

this Declaration and of any applicable building code and similar regulations or ordinances, 

any Owner proposing to modify, alter, make additions to or rebuild (other than rebuilding 

in a manner materially consistent with the previously existing Party Wall) the Party Wall, 

31 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 33 of 139 
†
9774 G2656 

OR BK 

shall first obtain the written consent of the adjoining Owner, which shall not be 

unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. 

12. Use Restrictions. The following Use Restrictions shall apply to all Lots within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, except for any Lots owned by the Declarant. Each Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family 

Member and their guests and invitees must comply with the following: 

12.1 Alterations and Additions. No material alteration, addition or modification to a Lot 

or Home, or material change in the appearance thereof, shall be made without the prior written 

approval thereof being first had and obtained from the ARC as required by this Declaration. 

12.2 Animals. No animals of any kind shall be raised, bred or kept within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY for commercial purposes. Except as provided below, Owners may keep domestic pets 

as permitted by County ordinances and otherwise in accordance with the Rules and Regulations 

established by the Board from time to time. Pets may be kept or harbored in a Home only so long 

as such pets or animals do not constitute a nuisance. A determination by the Board that an animal 

or pet kept or harbored in a Home is a nuisance shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. 

Without limiting the generality of the forgoing, dog breeds or partial breeds that include pit bulls 

or other breeds deemed to be dangerous by the Board in its sole discretion are prohibited. All pets 

shall be walked on a leash. No pet shall be permitted outside a Home unless such pet is kept on a 

leash or within an enclosed portion of the yard of a Lot. No pet or animal shall be "tied out" on 

the exterior of the Home or in the Common Areas, or left unattended in a yard or on a balcony, 

porch, or patio. No dog runs or enclosures shall be permitted on any Lot. When notice of removal 

of any pet is given by the Board, the pet shall be removed within forty-eight (48) hours of the 

giving of the notice. The person walking the pet or the Owner shall clean up all matter created by 

the pet. Each Owner shall be responsible for the activities of its pet. 

12.3 Artificial Vegetation. Except as otherwise permitted by Florida law, no artificial 

grass, plants or other artificial vegetation, or rocks or other landscape devices, shall be placed or 

maintained upon the exterior portion of any Lot, unless approved by the ARC. 

12.4 Vehicles. Except as provided in the following sentence, the following restrictions 

shall apply to all vehicles utilized or parked in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Notwithstanding any other 

provision in this Declaration to the contrary, the following restrictions shall not apply to 

construction vehicles utilized in connection with construction, improvement, installation, or repair 

by Declarant or its agents, subcontractors, suppliers or consultants or by the Association or its 

contractors. 

12.4.1 Parking. Owners', Lessees' and Immediate Family Members' vehicles shall 

not be parked in streets, private roadways or alleyways within DEL WEBB BEXLEY and 

shall only be parked in the garage or driveway of the respective Owners' Lot and shall not 

block the sidewalk. To the extent DEL WEBB BEXLEY has any guest parking, Owners, 

Lessees and Immediate Family Members are prohibited from parking in such guest parking 

spaces. No vehicles used in business for the purpose of transporting goods, equipment and 

the like, shall be parked in DEL WEBB BEXLEY except during the period of a delivery. 

No parking of vehicles of any kind, including vehicles of visitors, guests or invitees, shall 

be permitted in streets or private roadways within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Any vehicles 

32 

003881 1 1 786.v7 

Page 34 of 139 
†
9774 G2657 

OR BK 

parked within the streets or private roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be subject to 

towing without further notice other than such notice or notices, if any, required by law. 

12.4.2 Repairs and Maintenance of Vehicles. No vehicle which cannot operate on 

its own power shall remain on DEL WEBB BEXLEY for more than twelve (12) hours, 

except in the garage of a Home. No repair or maintenance, except emergency repair, of 

vehicles shall be made within DEL WEBB BEXLEY except in the garage of a Home. No 

vehicles shall be stored on blocks. No tarpaulin covers on vehicles shall be permitted 

anywhere within the public view. 

12.4.3 Prohibited Vehicles. No commercial vehicle, limousine, recreational 

vehicle, boat, trailer, including without limitation, boat trailers, house trailers, mobile 

homes, and trailers of every other type, kind or description, or camper, may be kept within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY. No commercial vehicle or limousine may be kept within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY except in the garage of a Home. The term "commercial vehicle" shall 

not be deemed to include law enforcement vehicles or recreational or sport utility vehicles 

(i.e., Broncos, Blazers, Explorers, Navigators, etc.) or clean "non-working" vehicles such 

as pick-up trucks, vans, or cars if they are used by the Owner on a daily basis for normal 

transportation; provided, however, vehicles with ladders, racks, and hooks attached to such 

vehicles shall be "commercial vehicles" prohibited by this Section. No vehicles displaying 

commercial advertising in violation of this Section 12.4.3 shall be parked within the public 

view. No commercial advertising on such vehicles shall (i) be located other than on the 

side, and rear doors or panels of the vehicle, (ii) not exceed more than four (4) square feet 

in area on each side and rear of the vehicle (including print copy, logos, borders and all 

other advertising graphics and designs) and (iii) not physically protrude from the vehicle 

in any manner. Vehicles with commercial advertising in violation of the forgoing 

limitations must be parked in the garage of a Home. No vehicles bearing a "for sale" sign 

shall be parked within the public view anywhere within DEL WEBB BEXLEY For any 

Owner who drives an automobile issued by the County or other governmental entity (i.e., 

police cars), such automobile shall not be deemed to be a commercial vehicle and may be 

parked in the garage or driveway of the Lot. No vehicle shall be used as a domicile or 

residence either temporarily or permanently. No all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), golf carts, 

scooters or mini motorcycles are permitted at any time on any private streets, roadways, 

sidewalks or other paved surfaces forming a part of the Common Areas. Golf Carts are 

permitted within the private streets and roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, but must 

comply with and be operated, maintained, repaired, stored and parked in accordance with 

all applicable Rules and Regulations regulating same. Additionally no ATV or mini 

motorcycle may be parked or stored within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including any Lot, 

except in the garage of a Home. 

12.4.4 Towing. Subject to applicable laws and ordinances, any vehicle parked in 

violation of these or other restrictions contained herein or in the Rules and Regulations 

may be towed by the Association at the sole expense of the owner of such vehicle (i) 

without further notice (other than as required by applicable law, if any) with respect to any 

vehicle parked in or on the private streets or roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and (ii) 

with respect to any other violation of this Section 12, if such vehicle remains in violation 

for a period of twenty-four (24) hours from the time a notice of violation is placed on the 

33 

003881 1 

Page 35 of 139 
†
9774 G2658 

OR BK 

vehicle or without prior notice if such a vehicle was cited for such violation within the 

preceding fourteen (14) day period. Each Owner by acceptance of title to a Home 

irrevocably grants the Association and its designated towing service the right to enter a Lot 

and tow vehicles in violation of this Declaration. Neither the Association nor the towing 

company shall be liable to the owner of such vehicle for trespass, conversion or otherwise, 

nor guilty of any criminal act, by reason of such towing or removal and once the notice is 

posted, neither its removal, nor failure of the owner to receive it for any other reason, shall 

be grounds for relief of any kind. For purposes of this Section 12.4, "vehicle" shall also 

mean vehicles of all kinds and nature, including, without limitation, motorcycles, 

recreational vehicles, campers, mobile homes, trailers, etc. By accepting title to a Home, 

the Owner provides to the Association the irrevocable right to tow or remove vehicles 

parked on the Owner's Lot and Common Areas that are in violation of this Declaration. 

An affidavit of the person posting the foresaid notice stating it was properly posted shall 

be conclusive evidence of proper posting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Owner, by 

accepting title to a Home, acknowledges that the Association and Declarant are not 

responsible for (and will not be responsible for) monitoring, enforcing or towing with 

respect to vehicles parked on a street or private roadway or public road right of way within, 

adjacent to or in proximity with DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

12.5 Casualty Destruction to Improvements. 

In the event that a Home or other 

improvement is damaged or destroyed by casualty loss or other loss, then the Owner thereof shall 

commence to rebuild or repair the damaged Home or improvement in accordance with Section 

14.2.2 of this Declaration. As to any such reconstruction of a destroyed Home or improvements, 

the same shall only be replaced as approved by the ARC. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 

herein, to the extent that insurance coverage obtained and maintained by the Association covers 

such casualty destruction, the Owner of such damaged or destroyed Home shall not perform any 

activities that would negate such coverage or impair the availability of such coverage. 

12.6 Commercial Activit . Except for normal construction activity, sale, and re-sale of 

a Home, sale or re-sale of other property owned by Declarant, administrative offices of Declarant, 

no commercial or business activity shall be conducted within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including 

without limitation, within any Home. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to applicable 

statutes and ordinances, an Owner may maintain a home business office within a Home for such 

Owner's personal use; provided, however, business invitees, customers, and clients shall not be 

permitted to meet with Owners in Homes unless the Board provides otherwise in the Rules and 

Regulations. No Owner may actively engage in any solicitations for commercial purposes within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY. No solicitors ofa commercial nature shall be allowed within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, without the prior written consent of the Association. No day care center or facility or 

school or educational center or facility may be operated out of a Home. No garage sales are 

permitted, except as permitted by the Association. Prior to the Community Completion Date, 

Association shall not permit any garage sales without the prior written consent of Declarant. 

12.7 Completion and Sale of Homes. No person or entity shall interfere with the 

completion and sale of Homes and/or Lots within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant. 

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EACH OWNER, BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED, 

AGREES THAT ACTIONS OF OWNERS MAY IMPACT THE VALUE OF HOMES AND/OR 

LOTS; THEREFORE EACH OWNER IS BENEFITED BY THE FOLLOWING 

34 

003881 1 

Page 36 of 139 
†
9774 G2659 

OR BK 

RESTRICTIONS: PICKETING AND POSTING OF NEGATIVE SIGNS IS STRICTLY 

PROHIBITED IN ORDER TO PRESERVE THE VALUE OF THE HOMES AND/OR LOTS IN 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY AND THE RESIDENTIAL ATMOSPHERE THEREOF. 

12.8 Control of Contractors. Except for direct services which may be offered to Owners 

(and then only according to the Rules and Regulations relating thereto as adopted from time to 

time), no person other than an Association officer shall direct, supervise, or in any manner attempt 

to assert any control over any contractor of the Association. 

12.9 Cooking. No cooking shall be permitted nor shall any goods or beverages be 

consumed on the Common Areas, except in areas designated for those purposes by the Association. 

The Board shall have the right to prohibit or restrict the use of grills or barbecue facilities 

throughout DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

12.10 Decorations. No decorative objects including, but not limited to, birdbaths, light 

fixtures, sculptures, statues, or weather vanes, shall be installed or placed within or upon any 

portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY without the prior written approval of the ARC. Notwithstanding 

the foregoing, holiday lighting and decorations shall be permitted to be placed upon the exterior 

portions of the Home and upon the Lot in the manner permitted hereunder (i) commencing October 

I st and shall be removed by November 5th of each year and (ii) commencing the week before 

Thanksgiving and shall be removed not later than January 15 of the following year. The ARC may 

establish standards for holiday lights and decorations. The Association is not responsible for any 

damage to any holiday lights or decorations occurring during or in connection with the 

Association's conduct of Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance or operation or maintenance of 

the Lot Irrigation System. The ARC may require the removal of any lighting or decoration that 

creates a nuisance (e.g., unacceptable spillover to adjacent Home or excessive travel through DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY) or interferes with the operation or maintenance of the Lot Irrigation System or 

the Association's conduct of Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance or any other maintenance 

provided under this Declaration, Except as otherwise provided in Section 720.304(2)(b), Florida 

Statutes, and subject to the requirements of such provision, no flag poles are permitted without the 

prior written approval of the ARC. 

12.11 Disputes as to Use. If there is any dispute as to whether the use of any portion of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY complies with this Declaration, such dispute shall, prior to the Community 

Completion Date, be decided by Declarant, and thereafter by the Association. A determination 

rendered by such party with respect to such dispute shall be final and binding on all persons 

concerned. 

12.12 Drainage System. Drainage systems and drainage facilities Inay be part of the 

Common Areas or CDD Facilities, located within Lots or part of the S W MS dedicated to the CDD 

by Plat. Once drainage systems or drainage facilities are installed by Declarant, the maintenance 

of such systems and/or facilities thereafter shall be the responsibility of the CDD. In the event that 

such system or facilities (whether comprised of swales, pipes, pumps, water body slopes, or other 

improvements) is adversely affected by landscaping, fences, structures (including, without 

limitation, pavers) or additions on any Lot, the cost of the CDD to correct, repair, or maintain such 

drainage system and/or facilities shall be the responsibility of the Owner of such Lot containing 

all or a part of such drainage system and/or facilities and shall be paid by such Owner to the CDD 

35 

003881 1 74366\34.31786.v7 

Page 37 of 139 
†
9774 G2660 

OR BK 

or, at the option of the Association, may be paid by the Association and assessed as an Individual 

Assessment against such Owner's Lot pursuant to Section 17.2.6 below. By way of example, and 

not of limitation, if the roots of a tree on one Lot subsequently affect pipes or other drainage 

facilities within another Lot, the Owner of the Lot containing such tree (irrespective of whether 

such Owner planted such tree) shall be solely responsible for the removal of the roots which 

adversely affects the adjacent Lot. Likewise, if the roots of a tree located within the Common 

Areas adversely affect an adjacent Lot, the Association shall be responsible for the removal of the 

roots and the costs thereof shall be Operating Expenses. Nothing herein shall preclude the 

Association from maintaining the S W MS as an Operating Expense in the event that the CDD 

should ever fail to maintain same. 

12.13 Extended Vacation and Absences. In the event a Home will be unoccupied for an 

extended period, the Home must be prepared prior to departure by: (i) removing all removable 

furniture, plants and other objects from outside the Home; and (ii) designating a responsible firm 

or individual to care for the Home, should the Home suffer damage or require attention, and 

providing a key to that firm or individual. Neither Association nor Declarant shall have any 

responsibility of any nature relating to any unoccupied Home. 

12.14 Fences/ Walls/Screens. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed on any Lot 

other than Perimeter Walls/Fences and Pool Enclosures installed by Declarant in connection with 

the original construction of the Home or by an Owner with ARC approval. No walls or fences 

shall be erected or installed by any Owner of a Lot within any Conservation Easement Property, 

including upland buffer areas, or any Perimeter Buffer Easement. No chain link or wooden fencing 

of any kind shall be allowed, and unless otherwise approved by Declarant (or the Association 

following the Turnover Date). Fences, to the extent permitted by this Section 12.14, shall not be 

installed flush to the ground so that drainage will be blocked in any way. All such fences must be 

in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. Due to the CDD's maintenance requirements 

and responsibilities, the installation of such fences within a drainage easement area is not expected 

to be approved by the ARC. However, in the event a fence is installed within a drainage easement 

area, with or without prior written ARC approval, the Owner is solely responsible for fence repair 

or replacement if the drainage easement area needs to be accessed for repairs or maintenance. As 

a condition to ARC approval of any fences in drainage easement areas, the ARC may require the 

Owner to obtain, at his or her own cost and expense, an agreement in writing executed by the CDD 

approving such fence, which agreement may be recorded in the Public Records by the Association 

in its sole and absolute discretion. All screening and screened enclosures shall have the prior 

written approval of the ARC and shall be in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. All 

enclosures of balconies or patios, including addition of vinyl windows, shall be approved by the 

ARC and all decks shall have the prior written approval of the ARC. 

12.15 Fuel Storage. No fuel storage shall be permitted within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

except as may be necessary or reasonably used for swimming pools, spas, barbecues, fireplaces or 

similar devices and in compliance with the Rules and Regulations and with all applicable laws and 

codes. 

12.16 Garages. Each Home shall have an enclosed garage sufficient, at a minimum, to 

contain two (2) vehicles. No gal'age shall be converted into a general living area. Garage doors 

shall remain closed at all times except when vehicular or pedestrian access is required or during 

36 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 38 of 139 
†
9774 G2661 

OR BK 

times when the Owner or Lessee is conducting Home, yard or landscaping maintenance or cleaning 

the garage. 

12.17 Garbage Cans. Trash collection and disposal procedures established by the 

Association shall be observed. No outside burning of trash or garbage is permitted. No garbage 

cans, supplies or other similar articles shall be maintained on any Lot so as to be visible from 

outside the Home 01' Lot. Each Owner shall be responsible for properly depositing his or her 

garbage and trash in garbage cans and trash containers sufficient for pick-up by the appropriate 

collection agencies in accordance with the requirements of any such agency. All such trash 

receptacles shall be maintained in a sanitary condition and shall be shielded from the view of 

adjacent properties and streets. Garbage cans and trash containers shall not be placed outside the 

Home for pick-up earlier than 7:00 p.m. on the day preceding the pick-up and shall be removed 

the day of pick-up. 

12.18 General Use Restrictions. Each Home, the Common Areas and any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY shall not be used in any manner contrary to the Governing Documents. 

12.19 Hurricane Shutters. Any hurricane shutters or other protective devices visible from 

outside a Home shall be of a type as approved in writing by the ARC and shall match the color or 

trim of the Home and be of a neutral color. Panel, accordion and roll-up style hurricane shutters 

may not be left closed during hurricane season (or at any other time). Any such approved hurricane 

shutters may be installed or closed up to forty-eight (48) hours prior to the expected arrival of a 

hurricane and must be removed or opened within seventy-two (72) hours after the end of a 

hurricane watch or warning or as the Board may determine otherwise. Except as the Board may 

otherwise decide, shutters may not be closed at any time other than up to forty-eight (48) hours 

prior to the expected arrival of a hurricane and must be removed or opened within seventy-two 

(72) hours after the end of a hurricane watch or warning. Any approval by the ARC shall not be 

deemed an endorsement of the effectiveness of hurricane shutters. 

12.20 Irrigation. Due to water quality, irrigation systems may cause staining on Homes, 

other structures or paved areas. It is each Owner's responsibility to treat and remove any such 

staining within the Owner's Lot. Declarant or the Association may utilize a computerized loop 

system to irrigate the Common Areas. Any such computerized loop irrigation system that is not 

specifically the maintenance obligation of an Owner, shall be the maintenance obligation of the 

Association and is deemed part of the Common Areas. The costs of operating and maintaining 

such computerized loop irrigation systems to irrigate the Common Areas, including utility costs, 

shall be an Operating Expense. 

12.21 Water Body Slopes. The rear yard of sonle Lots may border wet retention areas or 

lakes or water bodies forming part of the CDD Facilities or part of the S W MS. The CDD will 

regulate and maintain the water body slopes and banks for such wet retention areas, lakes or water 

bodies located within such rear yards to prevent or restore erosion of slopes and banks due to 

drainage or roof culvert outfalls or any other reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 

Association, as part of the Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance, or the Owner of such Lot, as 

part of maintaining and the Pool Enclosure Landscaping, shall maintain and irrigate sod and 

permitted landscaping within such water body slopes and banks located on such Owner's Lot to 

prevent erosion of same. In addition, the Owner of such Lot shall ensure that such water body 

37 

003881 

Page 39 of 139 
†
9774 G2662 

OR BK 

banks and slopes remain free of any structural or landscape encroachments so as to permit 

vehicular access for maintenance when needed. Each record title owner of each Lot bordering on 

the water body, by the acceptance of a deed to their Lot, hereby grants the CDD an easement of 

ingress and egress across his or her Lot to all adjacent water body areas for the purpose of ensuring 

compliance with the requirements of this Section. 

12.22 Laund!Y. Subject to the provisions of Section 163.04, Florida Statutes, to the extent 

applicable, no rugs, mops, or laundry of any kind, or any other similar type article, shall be shaken, 

hung or exposed so as to be visible outside the Home or Lot. Clotheslines may be installed in the 

rear of a Lot so long as not visible from the street or an adjacent Lot (i.e., within a fenced yard); 

provided, that, any such clothes line shall be removed when it is not in use as a clothesline. 

12.23 Lawful Use. No immoral, improper, offensive, unlawful or obnoxious use shall be 

made in any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. All laws, zoning ordinances and regulations of all 

governmental entities having jurisdiction thereof shall be observed. The responsibility of meeting 

the requirements of governmental entities for maintenance, modification or repair of a portion of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be the same as the responsibility for maintenance and repair of the 

property concerned. 

12.24 Leases. Homes may be leased, licensed or occupied only in their entirety and no 

fraction or portion may be rented. No bed and breakfast facility may be operated out of a Home. 

Individual rooms of a Home may not be leased on any basis. No transient tenants may be 

accommodated in a Home. All leases or occupancy agreements of Homes (collectively, "Lease 

are subject to the provisions of this Section 12.24. All Lease Agreements shall be 

in writing. A copy of all Lease Agreements shall be provided to the Association. No Lease 

Agreement may be for a term of less than one (l) year, and no Home may be leased more than two 

(2) times in any calendar year unless otherwise approved by the Association in the case of hardship. 

The Lessee, as part of the Lease Agreement, shall agree to abide by and adhere to the terms and 

conditions of this Declaration together with all Rules and Regulations and all policies adopted by 

the Association. By acceptance of a deed to a Home, the Owner hereby agrees to remove, at the 

Owner's sole expense, by legal means including eviction, his or her Lessee and all other occupants 

of their Home should the Lessee or occupants refuse or fail to abide by and adhere to this 

Declaration, the Rules and Regulations and any other policies adopted by the Association. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, should an Owner fail to perform his or her obligations under this 

Section, the Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to evict such Lessee or 

occupants and the costs of the same shall be charged to the Owner as an Individual Assessment. 

All Lease Agreements shall require the Home to be used solely as a private single family residence. 

Each leased Home shall be occupied by Lessees of the Lessee's Immediate Family Members, 

overnight guests and professional caregivers as a residence and for no other purpose. During such 

time as a Home is leased, the Owner of such Home shall not enjoy the use privileges of the 

Common Areas appurtenant to such Home. 

12.25 Minor's Use of Commonly Shared Facilities. Parents and legal guardians shall be 

responsible for all actions of their minor children at all times in and about DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

Neither Declarant nor Association shall be responsible for any use of the Common Areas, by 

anyone, including minors. The Board of Directors may adopt reasonable Rules and Regulations 

governing minors' use of the Recreational Facilities. 

38 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 40 of 139 
†
9774 G2663 

OR BK 

12.26 Nuisances. No noxious or offensive activity, nuisance or any use or practice that is 

the source of unreasonable annoyance to others or which interferes with the peaceflll possession 

and proper use of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is permitted. No firearms or fireworks shall be 

discharged within DEL WEBB BEXLEY except discharge of firearms as permitted to protect 

persons or property under current law. Nothing shall be done or kept within the Common Areas, 

or any other portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including a Home or Lot which will increase the 

rate of insurance to be paid by the Association. 

12.27 Oil and Mining Operations. No oil, drilling development operations, oil refining, 

quarrying or mining operations of any kind shall be permitted upon or on any Lot, nor shall oil 

wells, tanks, tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts be permitted upon or on any Lot. No derrick 

or other structure designed for use in boring for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained or 

permitted on any Lot. 

12.28 Paint. The exterior of Homes shall be re-painted within forty-five (45) days of 

notice by the ARC to the Owner of applicable Lot. 

12.29 All personal property of Owners or other occupants of Homes 

shall be stored within the Homes. No personal property, except usual patio furniture, may be stored 

on, nor any use made of, the Common Areas, any Lot or Home, or any other portion of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, which is unsightly or which interferes with the comfort and convenience of others. 

12.30 Removal of Soil and Additional Landscaping. Without the prior consent of the 

ARC, no Owner shall remove soil from any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, change the 

elevation, level or slope of the land within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, or plant or remove landscaping 

which results in any permanent change in the flow and drainage of surface water within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. Owners may place additional plants, shrubs, or trees within any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY within their respective Lots (which shall constitute Owner Installed 

Landscaping) with the prior written approval of the ARC. 

12.31 Swimming Pools, Hot Tubs and Spas. No above-ground pools shall be permitted 

on any Lot. Above-ground hot tubs and in-ground pools may be permitted within a Pool Enclosure 

with ARC approval. In-ground pools may also include an in-ground spa if same is approved by 

the ARC in its sole discretion. All in-ground pools, hot tubs and appurtenances installed on any 

Lot within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall require the prior written approval of the ARC as set forth 

in this Declaration. The design must incorporate, at a minimum, the following: (i) the composition 

of the material must be thoroughly tested and accepted by the industry for such construction; (ii) 

any swimming pool or swimming pool/spa combination constructed on any Lot shall have an 

elevation at the top of the pool and spa (as applicable) of not over two feet (2') above the natural 

grade unless approved by the ARC; (iii) swimming pools, hot tubs and spas must be installed 

within a Pool Enclosure of a design, color and material approved by the ARC and such enclosures 

shall be no higher than twelve feet (12') unless otherwise approved by the ARC and shall in no 

event be higher than the roofline of the Home. Pool Enclosures shall not extend beyond the sides 

of the Home without express approval by the ARC. All pools and spa (as applicable) shall be 

adequately maintained and chlorinated (or cleaned with similar treatment). No diving boards, 

slides, or platforms shall be permitted. Under no circumstances may chlorinated water be 

discharged onto other Owners' lawns, the Common Areas, the community streets, or into any water 

39 

003881 1 74366\.3431786.v7 

Page 41 of 139 
†
9774 G2664 

OR BK 

bodies within DEL WEBB BEXLEY or adjoining properties. Nothing herein shall be construed 

to restrict or prohibit compliance with the minimum requirements for installation, operation and 

maintenance of fences or other barriers constituting safety barriers around swimming pools, hot 

tubs, spas and appurtenances on a Lot as may be required by the Pasco County Code or other 

governmental regulation or law, subject to the approval and additional requirements of the ARC. 

12.32 Roofs Drivewa s and Pressure Cleanin . Roofs, exterior surfaces and/or 

pavement, including, but not limited to, walks and drives, shall be pressure cleaned within thirty 

(30) days of notice by the ARC to the Owner of the Lot. No surface applications to driveways 

shall be permitted without the prior written approval of the ARC as to material, color and pattern. 

Such applications shall not extend beyond the Lot line or include the sidewalk. All roofs must be 

in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. 

12.33 Satellite Dishes and Antennae. No exterior visible antennae, radio masts, towers, 

poles, aerials, satellite dishes, or other similar equipment shall be placed on any Home or Lot 

without the prior written approval thereof being first had and obtained from the ARC as required 

by this Declaration. The ARC may require, among other things, that all such improvements be 

screened so that they are not visible from adjacent Homes, or from the Common Areas. Each 

Owner agrees that the location of such items must be first approved by the ARC in order to address 

the safety and welfare of the residents of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. No Owner shall operate any 

equipment or device which will interfere with the radio or television reception of others. All 

antennas not covered by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") rules are prohibited. 

Installation, maintenance, and use of all antennas shall comply with restrictions adopted by the 

Board and shall be governed by the then current rules of the FCC. 

12.34 Signs and Flags. No sign, flag, banner, advertisement, notice or other lettering shall 

be exhibited, displayed, inscribed, painted or affixed in, or upon any part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

including without limitation, any Home, Lot or vehicle, that is visible from the outside; provided, 

however, any Owner may display in a respectful manner one (l ) portable, removable United States 

flag or official flag of the State of Florida and one (1) portable, removable official flag of the 

United States Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard, or a POW-MIA flag. Any 

such permitted flags may not exceed four and one-half feet (4 h') by six feet (6'). Each Owner 

may erect one (1) freestanding flag pole that is no more than twenty feet (20') high on any portion 

of such Owner's Lot if the flag pole does not obstruct sightlines at intersections and is not erected 

within or upon any easement. The flag pole may not be installed any closer than ten feet (10') 

from the back of curb, or within ten feet (10') of any Lot boundary line. Any Owner may further 

display from the flagpole, one (l) official United States flag, not larger than four and one-half feet 

(4 h') by six feet (6'), and may additionally display one (l) official flag of the State of Florida or 

the IJnited States Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard, or a POW-MIA flag. 

Such additional flag must be equal in size to or smaller than the United States flag. Any flag pole 

installed in accordance with this Section is subject to all building codes, zoning setbacks, and other 

applicable governmental regulations, including without limitation noise and lighting ordinances in 

the County and all setback and location criteria contained in this Declaration. Notwithstanding 

the foregoing, one (l) in ground, temporary sign used solely in connection with the sale or leasing 

of a Lot or Home may be displayed on such Lot after the Community Completion Date if such 

sign has been first approved by the ARC or complies with any guidelines for such signs 

promulgated by the ARC or Board. 

40 

003881 1 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 42 of 139 
†
9774 G2665 

OR BK 

Declarant is exempt from this Section; provided, further, the Declarant specifically reserves 

the right, for itself and its agents, employees, nominees and assigns, the right, privilege and 

easement to construct, place and maintain upon any property within DEL WEBB BEXLEY such 

signs as they deem appropriate in connection with the development, improvement, construction, 

marketing and sale of any of the Lots and Homes. The prohibitions on signs displayed on or within 

vehicles contained above in this Section shall not apply to commercial vehicles such as for 

construction use or providing pick-up and delivery services and other commercial services. 

12.35 Sports Equipment. Except such as are installed by Declarant, no recreational, 

playground or sports equipment shall be installed or placed within or about any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY without prior written consent of the ARC. Basketball hoops and backboards of 

all kinds are prohibited. Tree houses or platforms of a similar nature shall not be constructed on 

any part of a Lot. Rules and Regulations governing recreational playground or sports equipment 

or facilities may be adopted by the Association from time to time. 

12.36 Storage. No temporary or permanent utility or storage shed, storage building, tent, 

or other structure or improvement shall be permitted and no other structure or improvement shall 

be constructed, erected, altered, modified or maintained. Water softeners, trash containers, pool 

pumps, filters and equipment and other similar devices shall be properly screened from the street 

in a manner approved by the ARC. 

12.37 Subdivision and Regulation of Land. No portion of any Home or Lot shall be 

divided or subdivided or its boundaries changed without the prior written approval of the 

Association. No Owner shall inaugurate or implement any variation from, modification to, or 

amendment of governmental regulations, land use plans, land development regulations, zoning, or 

any other development orders or development permits applicable to DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

without the prior written approval of (a) Declarant prior to the Community Completion Date, 

which may be granted or denied in its sole discretion, and (b) the Association. 

12.38 Substances. No flammable, combustible or explosive fuel, fluid, chemical, 

hazardous waste, or substance shall be kept on any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY or within any 

Home or Lot, except those which are required for normal household use and used in compliance 

with all laws and codes. All propane tanks for household and/or pool purposes (excluding 

barbecue grill tanks) must be installed underground. 

12.39 Swimmin Wadin Boatiny Docks and Fishin 

Swimming and wading are 

prohibited within any of the water bodies within or adjacent to the boundaries of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY. The use of boating and personal watercraft of all kinds on or within any of the water 

bodies within or adjacent to the boundaries of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is prohibited. No dock, pier 

or structure of any kind extending into any water bodies within or adjacent to the boundaries of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be installed. Fishing within any water bodies within or adjacent to 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be allowed if permitted by the CDD in its sole discretion and then 

subject to such rules and regulations with respect to same as may promulgated by the CDD and 

Rules and Regulations of the Association from time to time. 

12.40 Use of Homes. Each Home is restricted to residential use as a residence by the 

Owner or permitted occupant thereof, its Immediate Family Members, guests, tenants and invitees. 

41 

003881 1 1786.v7 

Page 43 of 139 
†
9774 G2666 

OR BK 

The Association shall not interfere with the freedom of Owners and Residents to determine the 

number of Qualified Occupants within a household, except that it may limit the total number of 

Persons entitled to occupy a Home based upon the size of the Home (based on such factors as the 

number of bedrooms), not to exceed the number permitted under current zoning ordinances and 

limit the number of Occupants per household who have full privileges to use of the Recreational 

Facilities, including the Community Amenity. 

12.41 Visibility on Corners. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 

restrictions, no obstruction to visibility at street intersections shall be permitted and such visibility 

clearances shall be maintained as required by the Board and governmental agencies. No vehicles, 

objects, fences, walls, hedges, shrubs or other planting shall be placed or permitted on a corner Lot 

where such obstruction would create a traffic problem. 

12.42 Wells and Septic Tanks. Neither potable water wells nor irrigation wells using 

groundwater or drawing water from any lakes, wet or dry retention areas or other water bodies will 

be allowed within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. No individual septic tanks will be permitted on any Lot. 

If the Common Areas include one or more 

12.43 Wetlands and Mitigation Areas. 

preserves, wetlands, and/or mitigation areas, no Owner or other person shall take any action or 

enter onto such areas so as to adversely affect the same or violate any conservation or preserve 

easement or the Permit. Such areas are to be maintained by the CDD in their natural state. It shall 

be the CDD's responsibility to complete all wetland mitigation, maintenance and monitoring, if 

any, in accordance with all conditions and requirements of the Permit with respect to same. 

12.44 Window Treatments. Window treatments shall consist of drapery, blinds, 

decorative panels, or other window covering, and no newspaper, aluminum foil, sheets or other 

temporary window treatments are permitted, except for periods not exceeding one (1) week after 

an Owner or tenant first moves into a Home or when permanent window treatments are being 

cleaned or repaired. No security bars shall be placed on the windows of any Home without prior 

written approval of the ARC. No awnings, canopies or shutters shall be affixed to the exterior of 

a Home without the prior written approval of the ARC. No reflective tinting or mirror finishes on 

windows shall be permitted unless approved by the ARC. Window treatments facing the street 

shall be of a neutral color, such as white, off-white or wood tones. 

12.45 Windows or Wall Units. No window or wall air conditioning unit may be installed 

in any window or wall of a Home. 

12.46 Drones and Other Aerial Devices. No drone or other aerial devices such as 

motorized planes shall be flown or otherwise used in DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Owners, Lessees, 

Immediate Family Members, any of their guests or invitees or any other parties within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY except as provided in this Section 12.46. Drones and aerial devices may be flown or 

used for personal recreational purposes in Common Areas specifically designated by the 

Association for such uses (the "Drone/Aerial I)evice Areas") and such uses shall comply with all 

Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Association with respect to same. The Association, in 

its sole discretion, may designate some, all or none of the Cominon Areas within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY as Drone/Aerial Device Areas, may terminate in whole or part any such designation with 

respect to any Common Areas or may elect to prohibit drone and aerial device use within all of 

42 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 44 of 139 
†
9774 G2667 

OR BK 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY. In addition, the Association, in its sole discretion, may allow and Inay 

separately adopt additional Rules and Regulations pertaining to the commercial use of drones and 

aerial devices within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including, but not limited to, use of such devices for 

deliveries within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of 

this Section 12.46 and any applicable Federal, State or local governmental laws, rules, regulations 

or restrictions governing the use of drones and aerial devices in DEL WEBB BEXLEY, such 

Federal, State and local governmental laws, rules, 

regulations or restrictions shall 

control. Declarant shall be exempt from the provisions of this Section 12.46. 

13. Easement for Unintentional and Non-Negligent Encroachments. If any other building or 

improvement on a Lot shall encroach upon another Lot by reason of original construction by 

Declarant, then an easement for such encroachment shall exist so long as the encroachment exists. 

Lots may contain improvements that may pass over or underneath an adjacent Lot. A perpetual 

nonexclusive easement is herein granted to allow such improvement and to permit any natural 

water runoff from roof overhangs, eaves and other protrusions onto an adjacent Lot. 

14. Requirement to Maintain Insurance. 

14.1 Association Insurance. Association shall maintain the following insurance 

coverage: 

14.1.1 Casualty Insurance. Casualty or hazard insurance on Common Area 

improvements for which such insurance is available at a cost that is acceptable to the Board, 

in its sole discretion, and with such coverages, exclusions and deductibles as the Board 

determines, in its sole discretion. The Board may elect, in its sole discretion, not to 

maintain casualty insurance on any such Common Area improvements and failure to 

maintain such insurance shall not be deemed a breach of duty by the Board or the Declarant. 

14.1.2 Flood Insurance. If the Common Areas are located within an area which 

has special flood hazards and for which flood insurance has been made available under the 

National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), coverage in appropriate amounts, available 

under NFIP for all buildings and other insurable property within any portion of the 

Common Areas located within a designated flood hazard area. 

14.1.3 Liability Insurance. Commercial general liability insurance coverage 

providing coverage and limits deemed appropriate. Such policies must provide that they 

may not be cancelled or substantially modified by any party, without at least thirty (30) 

days' prior written notice to Declarant (until the Community Completion Date) and 

Association. 

14.1.4 Directors and Officers Liability Insurance. Each member of the Board shall 

be covered by directors and officers liability insurance in such amounts and with such 

provisions as approved by the Board. 

If available, a blanket fidelity bond for all officers, 

14.1.5 Fidelity Bonds. 

directors, trustees and employees of the Association, and all other persons handling or 

responsible for funds of, or administered by, Association. In the event Association 

delegates some or all of the responsibility for the handling of the funds to a professional 

43 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 45 of 139 
†
9774 G2668 

OR BK 

management company or licensed manager, such bonds shall be required for its officers, 

employees and agents, handling or responsible for funds of, or administered on behalf of 

the Association. The amount of the fidelity bond shall be based upon reasonable business 

judgment. 

14.1.6 Other Insurance. Such other insurance coverage as deemed appropriate 

from time to time by the Board of the Association in their sole discretion. All coverage 

obtained by the Association shall cover all activities of the Association and all properties 

maintained by the Association, whether or not Association owns title thereto. 

14.1.7 Declarant. Prior to the Turnover Date, Declarant shall have the right, but 

not the obligation, at Association's expense, to provide insurance coverage under its master 

insurance policy in lieu of any of the foregoing. 

14.2 Homes. 

14.2.1 Requirement to Maintain Insurance. Each Owner shall be required to obtain 

and maintain adequate insurance on his or her Home. Such insurance shall be sufficient 

for necessary repair or reconstruction work, and/or shall cover the costs to demolish a 

damaged Home as applicable, remove the debris, and to re-sod and landscape land 

comprising the Lot. Upon the request of the Association, each Owner shall be required to 

supply the Board with evidence of insurance coverage on its Home which complies with 

the provisions of this Section. Without limiting any other provision of this Declaration or 

the powers of the Association, Association shall specifically have the right to bring an 

action to require an Owner to comply with his or her obligations hereunder. 

14.2.2 Requirement to Reconstruct or Demolish. In the event that any Home is 

destroyed by fire or other casualty, the Owner of such Home shall do one of the following: 

(i) the Owner shall commence reconstruction and/or repair of the Home ("Required 

Repair"), or (ii) the Owner shall tear the Home down, remove all the debris, and re-sod 

and landscape the property comprising the Home as required by the ARC ("Required 

Demolition") to the extent permitted under law. If an Owner elects to perform the Required 

Repair, such work must be commenced within thirty (30) days of the Owner's receipt of 

the insurance proceeds respecting such Home and the Required Repair must be completed 

within six (6) months from the date of the casualty or such longer period of time established 

by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion subject to extension if required by law. If 

an Owner elects to perform the Required Demolition, the Required Demolition must be 

completed within six (6) months from the date of the casualty or such longer period of time 

established by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion subject to extension if required 

by law. If an Owner elects to perform the Required Repair, such reconstruction and/or 

repair must be prosecuted in a continuous, diligent, and timely manner. Association shall 

have the right to inspect the progress of all reconstruction and/or repair work. Without 

limiting any other provision of this Declaration or the powers of the Association, 

Association shall have a right to bring an action against an Owner who fails to comply with 

the foregoing requirements. By way of example, Association may bring an action against 

an Owner who fails to either perform the Required Repair or Required Demolition on his 

or her Home within the time periods and in the manner provided herein. Each Owner 

44 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 46 of 139 
†
9774 G2669 

OR BK 

acknowledges that the issuance of a building permit or a demolition permit in no way shall 

be deemed to satisfy the requirements set forth herein, which are independent of, and in 

addition to, any requirements for completion of work or progress requirements set forth in 

applicable statutes, zoning codes and/or building codes. 

14.2.3 Standard of Work. The standard for all demolition, reconstruction, and 

other work performed as required by this Section 14.2 shall be in accordance with the 

Architectural Guidelines and any other standards established by the Association with 

respect to any casualty that affects all or a portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

14.2.4 Additional Rights of the Association. If an Owner refuses or fails, for any 

reason, to perform the Required Repair or Required Demolition as herein provided, then 

Association, in its sole and absolute discretion, by and through its Board is hereby 

irrevocably authorized by such Owner to perform the Required Repair or Required 

Demolition. All Required Repair performed by the Association pursuant to this Section 

shall be in conformance with the original plans and specifications for the Home. 

Association shall have the absolute right to perform the Required Demolition to a Home 

pursuant to this Section if any contractor certifies in writing to the Association that such 

Home cannot be rebuilt or repaired. The Board may levy an Individual Assessment against 

the Owner in whatever amount sufficient to adequately pay for Required Repair or 

Required Demolition performed by the Association, including any costs incurred with the 

management and oversight of any such Required Repair or Required Demolition performed 

by the Association. 

14.2.5 Association Has No Liabilit . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 

this Section 14.2, Association, its directors and officers, shall not be liable to any Owner 

should an Owner fail for any reason whatsoever to obtain insurance coverage on a Home. 

Moreover, Association, its directors and officers, shall not be liable to any person if 

Association does not enforce the rights given to the Association in this Section. 

14.3 Association as Agent. Association is irrevocably appointed agent for each Owner 

of any interest relating to the Common Areas to adjust all claims arising under insurance policies 

purchased by the Association and to execute and deliver releases upon the payment of claims with 

respect to same. 

14.4 Casualty to Common Areas and Homes. In the event of damage to the Common 

Areas, or any portion thereof, Association shall be responsible for reconstruction after casualty. In 

such event, the Association shall have full discretion to redesign or relocate any Common Area 

improvements (including Recreational Facilities) or allocate any insurance proceeds to 

construction, maintenance repair or replacement of other Common Area improvements (including 

Recreational Facilities) or to other reserves or Operating Expenses provided that the Association 

shall reconstruct or repair any Common Area improvements necessary to continue to provide 

access, utilities and drainage to all Lots or Homes in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. In the event of 

damage to a Home, or any portion thereof, the Owner shall be responsible for reconstruction after 

casualty in accordance with Section 14.2 above. 

45 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 47 of 139 
†
9774 G2670 

OR BK 

14.5 Nature of Reconstruction. Any reconstruction of improvements hereunder shall be 

substantially in accordance with the plans and specifications of the original improvement, or as 

the improvement was last constructed, subject to modification to conform to the then current 

governmental regulation(s) or with respect to Common Area improvements as provided in Section 

14.4 above. 

14.6 Cost of Payment of Premiums. The costs of all insurance maintained by the 

Association hereunder, and any other fees or expenses incurred that may be necessary or incidental 

to carry out the provisions hereof are Operating Expenses. 

14.7 DgcJÊauL&as-NQ-LjabjljLy. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 

Section, Declarant, its officers, directors, shareholders, and any related persons or corporations 

and their employees, attorneys, agents, officers and directors shall not be liable to any Owner or 

any other person should the Association fail for any reason whatsoever to obtain insurance 

coverage for the Common Areas or should the Owner fail for any reason whatsoever to obtain 

insurance coverage for their Home. 

14.8 Additional Insured. Prior to Turnover, Declarant shall be named as additional 

insured on all policies obtained by the Association, as their interests may appear. 

15. 

15.1 Owners' Easement of Enjoyment. Every Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family 

Member, guests and invitees, and every owner of an interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall have 

a non-exclusive right and easement of enjoyment in and to those portions of the Common Areas 

that it is entitled to use for their intended purpose, subject to the following provisions: 

reservations, 

restrictions, 

conditions, 

limitations and 

15.1.1 Easements, 

declarations of record, now or hereafter existing, and the provisions of this Declaration, as 

amended. 

15.1.2 Rules and Regulations adopted governing use and enjoyment of the 

Common Areas. 

15.1.3 The right of the Association to suspend rights hereunder, including voting 

rights, or to impose fines in accordance with Section 720.305, Florida Statutes. 

15.1.4 The right of the Association to suspend use rights (except vehicular and 

pedestrian ingress and egress and necessary utilities) of all or a portion of the Common 

Areas for any period during which any Assessment remains unpaid. 

15.1.5 The right of Declarant and/or Association to dedicate or transfer all or any 

part of the Common Areas. No such dedication or transfer shall be effective prior to the 

Community Completion Date without prior written consent of Declarant. 

15.1.6 The right of Declarant and/or Association to modify the Common Areas as 

set forth in this Declaration. 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 48 of 139 
†
9774 G2671 

OR BK 

15.1.7 The perpetual right of Declarant to access and enter the Common Areas at 

any time, even after the Community Completion Date, for the purposes of inspection and 

testing of the Common Areas. Association and each Owner shall give Declarant unfettered 

access, ingress and egress to the Common Areas so that Declarant and/or its agents can 

perform all tests and inspections deemed necessary by Declarant. Declarant shall have the 

right to make all repairs and replacements deemed necessary by Declarant. At no time 

shall Association and/or an Owner prevent, prohibit and/or interfere with any testing, repair 

or replacement deemed necessary by Declarant relative to any portion of the Common 

Areas. 

15.1.8 The rights of Declarant, CDD and/or Association regarding DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY as reserved in this Declaration, including the right to utilize the same and to grant 

use rights to others. 

15.2 Ingress and Egress. An easement for ingress and egress is hereby created for (i) 

pedestrian traffic over, and through and across streets, alleyways, sidewalks, paths, walks, 

driveways, passageways, roads and lanes as the same, from time to time, may exist upon, or be 

designed as part of, the Common Areas and (ii) vehicular traffic over, through and across such 

portions of the Common Areas as, from time to time, may be paved and intended for such purposes. 

15.3 Development Easement. In addition to the rights reserved elsewhere herein, 

Declarant reserves an easement for itself or its nominees over, upon, across, and under DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY as may be required in connection with the development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and 

other lands designated by Declarant and to promote or otherwise facilitate the development, 

construction and sale and/or leasing of Homes or any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and other 

lands designated by Declarant. Without limiting the foregoing, Declarant specifically reserves the 

right to use all paved roads and rights of way within DEL WEBB BEXLEY for vehicular and 

pedestrian ingress and egress to and from construction sites. 

Specifically, each Owner 

acknowledges that construction vehicles and trucks may use portions of the Common Areas. 

Declarant shall have no liability or obligation to repave, restore, or repair any portion of the 

Common Areas as a result of the use of the same by construction traffic, and all maintenance and 

repair of such Common Areas shall be deemed ordinary maintenance of the Association payable 

by all Owners as part of Operating Expenses. Without limiting the foregoing, at no time shall 

Declarant be obligated to pay any amount to the Association on account of Declarant's use of the 

Common Areas. Declarant may market other residences and commercial properties located 

outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY from Declarant's sales facilities located within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY. Declarant has the right to use all portions of the Common Areas in connection with its 

marketing activities, including, without limitation, allowing members of the general public to 

inspect model homes, installing signs and displays, holding promotional parties and outings, and 

using the Conunon Areas for every other type of promotional 01' sales activity that may be 

employed in the marketing of residential homes. The easements created by this Section, and the 

rights reserved herein in favor of Declarant, shall be construed as broadly as possible and 

supplement the rights of Declarant set forth in Section 21 of this Declaration. At no time shall 

Declarant incur any expense whatsoever in connection with its use and enjoyment of such rights 

and easements. 

47 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 49 of 139 
†
9774 G2672 

OR BK 

15.4 Public Easements. Fire, police, school transportation, health, sanitation and other 

public service and utility company personnel and vehicles shall have a permanent and perpetual 

In addition, 

easement for ingress and egress over and across the Common Areas. 

Telecommunications Providers shall also have the right to use all paved roadways for ingress and 

egress to and from telecommunications systems within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

15.5 Delegation of Use. Every Owner shall be deemed to have delegated its right of 

enjoyment to the Common Areas to Lessees or occupants of that Owner's Home subject to the 

provisions of this Declaration and the Rules and Regulations, as may be promulgated, from time 

to time. Any such delegation or lease shall not relieve any Owner from its responsibilities and 

obligations provided herein. 

15.6 Easement for Encroachments. In the event that any improvement upon Common 

Areas or any CDD Tract, as originally constructed, shall encroach upon any other property or 

improvements thereon, or for any reason, then an easement appurtenant to the encroachment shall 

exist for so long as the encroachment shall naturally exist. 

15.7 Permits Licenses and Easements. Prior to the Community Completion Date, 

Declarant, and thereafter Association, shall, in addition to the specific rights reserved to Declarant 

herein, have the right to grant, modify, amend and terminate permits, licenses and easements over, 

upon, across, under and through DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including Lots, Parcels, Homes, Common 

Areas, and private streets and roadways) for telecommunications systems, utilities, the S W MS, 

roads and other purposes reasonably necessary or useful as it determines, in its sole discretion. To 

the extent legally required, each Owner shall be deemed to have granted to Declarant and, 

thereafter, Association an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, for the purposes 

herein expressed. 

15.8 Support Easement and Maintenance Easement. An easement is hereby created for 

the existence and maintenance of supporting structures (and the replacement thereof) in favor of 

the entity required to maintain the same. An easement is hereby created for maintenance purposes 

(including access to perform such maintenance) over and across DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including 

Lots, Parcels, and Homes) for the reasonable and necessary maintenance of Common Areas, 

utilities, cables, wires and other similar facilities. 

15.9 Drainage. A non-exclusive easement shall exist in favor of Declarant, the CDD, 

the Association, if applicable, SWF WMD, the County and/or any federal agency having 

jurisdiction over DEL WEBB BEXLEY over, across and upon DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including 

all areas containing the S W MS or drainage or stormwater management easements created on the 

Plat or by separate instrument for drainage, irrigation and water management purposes. Any such 

drainage easement shall not contain permanent improvements, including but not limited to 

sidewalks, driveways, impervious surfaces, patios, decks, pools, air conditioners, structures, utility 

sheds, poles, fences, irrigation systems, trees, shrubs, hedges or landscaping plants other than 

grass, except for (i) improvements installed by Declarant, (ii) landscaping of the Surface Water 

Management System, (iii) as required by the County or the Permit, and/or (iv) improvements 

approved by the ARC. A non-exclusive easement for ingress and egress and access exists for such 

parties in order to construct, maintain, inspect, record data on, monitor, test, or repair, as necessary, 

any water management areas, conservation areas, mitigation areas, irrigation systems and facilities 

48 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 50 of 139 
†
9774 G2673 

OR BK 

thereon and appurtenances thereto. No structure, landscaping, or other material shall be placed or 

be permitted to remain which may damage or interfere with the drainage or irrigation of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY and/or installation or maintenance of utilities or which may obstruct or retard 

the flow of water through DEL WEBB BEXLEY and/or water management areas and facilities or 

otherwise interfere with any drainage, irrigation and/or easement provided for in this Section or 

the use rights set forth elsewhere in this Declaration. 

15.10 Blanket Easement in favor of the Association. Association is hereby granted an 

easement over all of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including all Lots, for the purposes of: (i) constructing, 

maintaining, replacing and operating all Common Areas; (ii) performing any obligation the 

Association is obligated to perform under this Declaration; (iii) taking such actions as the 

Association deems necessary or advisable in fulfilling its obligations and exercising its rights under 

this Declaration; and (iv) performing any obligation of an Owner for which the Association intends 

to impose an Individual Assessment. 

15.11 Blanket Easement in favor of the CDD. The CDD is hereby granted an easement 

over all of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including all Lots and Common Areas, for the purposes of: (i) 

constructing, managing, operating, maintaining, repairing, replacing, monitoring and preserving 

property, improvements and systems the CDD is required to maintain under the CDD Documents, 

including, but not limited to the S W MS and the Conservation Easement Property; (ii) performing 

any obligation the CDD is obligated to perform under the CDD Documents; and (iii) taking such 

actions as the CDD deems necessary or advisable in fulfilling its obligations and exercising its 

rights under the CDD Documents. 

15.12 Duration. All easements created herein or pursuant to the provisions hereof shall 

be perpetual unless stated to the contrary. 

16. Restrictions Affectin Occu anc and Alienation. 

16.1 Restrictions on Occu anc . Subject to the rights reserved to Declarant in Section 

16.2, the Lots within DEL WEBB BEXLEY are intended for the housing of persons fifty-five (55) 

years of age or older. The provisions of this Section 16.1 are intended to be consistent with and are 

set forth in order to comply with the Fair Housing Amendments Act, 42 U.S.C. *3601 et seq. 

(1988), as amended, the exemption set out in 42 U.S.C. sS3607(b)(l) and (b)(2)(c) and the 

regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, as may be amended, the "Act") allowing 

discrimination based on familial status by satisfying the Act's Age-Restricted Exemption 

Requirement. Declarant or the Association, acting through the Board, shall have the power to 

amend this Section, without the consent of the Members or any person or entity except Declarant, 

for the purpose of maintaining the age restriction consistent with the Act, the regulations adopted 

pursuant thereto and any related judicial decisions in order to maintain the intent and enforceability 

of this Section. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event the provisions of the Act 01' the Act's 

Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement are amended, restated or replaced with alternate 

provisions modifying or restating the exemption allowing discrimination based upon familial 

status for housing of persons fifty-five (55) years of age or older (or any other age threshold 

designated in same), Declarant or the Association, acting through the Board, shall have the power 

to amend this Section 16 and this Declaration, without the consent of the Members or any other 

person or entity except Declarant, for the purpose of maintaining DEL WEBB BEXLEY'S ability 

49 

003881 1786.v7 

Page 51 of 139 
†
9774 G2674 

OR BK 

to enforce the age restrictions set forth herein or such modified restrictions as are required to 

remain in compliance with the Act, the regulations adopted pursuant thereto and any related 

judicial decisions in order to maintain the intent and enforceability of this Section. 

16.1.1 Each occupied Home shall at all times be Occupied by at least one person 

fifty-five (55) years of age or older; however, in the event of the death of a person who was 

the sole Occupant fifty-five (55) years of age or older of a Home, any Qualified Occupant 

may continue to Occupy the same Home as long as the provisions of the Act are not violated 

by such Occupancy. 

16.1.2 No person under the age of twenty-two (22) shall Occupy a Home. 

16.1.3 Nothing in this Section shall restrict the ownership of or transfer of title to 

any Lot; provided, no Owner under the age of fifty-five (55) may Occupy a I-Iome unless 

the requirements of this Section are met nor shall any Owner permit Occupancy of the 

Home in violation of this Section. Owners shall be responsible for including a statement 

that the Lots within DEL WEBB BEXLEY are intended for the housing of persons fifty- 

five (55) years of age or older and that Occupancy by any person under the age of twenty- 

two (22) is prohibited, as set forth in this Section, in conspicuous type in any Lease 

Agreement or other occupancy agreement or contract of sale relating to such Owner's Lot, 

which agreements or contracts shall be in writing and signed by the Lessee or purchaser 

and for clearly disclosing such intent to any prospective Lessee, purchaser, or other 

potential occupant of the Lot. Every Lease Agreement of a Lot or Home shall provide that 

failure to comply with the requirements and restrictions of this Section shall constitute a 

default under the Lease Agreement. 

16.1.4 Any Owner may request in writing that the Board make an exception to the 

requirements for an Age-Qualified Occupant of this Section with respect to a Home on his 

or her Lot, based on documented hardship. The Board may, but shall not be obligated to, 

grant exceptions in its sole discretion, provided that all of the requirements of the Act and 

the Act's Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement would still be met, and further provided 

that no exception to Section 16.1.2 above shall be granted. 

16.1.5 In the event of any change in Occupancy of any Home, as a result of a 

transfer of title, a lease or sublease, a birth or death, change in marital status, vacancy, 

change in location of permanent Home, or otherwise, the Owner of the Home shall 

immediately notify the Board in writing and provide to the Board the names and ages of 

all current occupants of the Home and such other information as the Board may reasonably 

require to verify the age of each occupant required to comply with the Act. In the event that 

an Owner fails to notify the Board and provide all required information within ten (10) 

days after a change in Occupancy occurs, the Association lilay levy monetary fmes against 

the Owner and the Lot for each day after the change in Occupancy occurs until the 

Association receives the required notice and information, regardless of whether the 

Occupants continue to meet the requirements of this Article, in addition to all other 

remedies available to the Association under this Declaration and Florida law. 

50 

003881 1 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 52 of 139 
†
9774 G2675 

OR BK 

16.2 Sales by Declarant. Notwithstanding the restriction set forth in this Section 16, 

Declarant reserves the right to sell Lots and Homes for Occupancy by Persons between forty-five 

(45) and fifty-five (55) years of age; provided, such sales shall not affect the Community's 

compliance with Act's Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement and all applicable State and 

Federal laws under which the Community may be developed and operated as an age-restricted 

community, including requirements that a minimum percentage of Homes be occupied by at least 

one Age-Qualified Occupant as required under Act's Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement and 

the Act or any other such State and Federal laws. 

16.3 Monitoring Compliance; Appointment of Attorney-in-Fact. The Association shall 

be responsible for maintaining records to support and demonstrate compliance with the Act's Age- 

Restricted Exemption Requirement and the Act. The Board shall adopt policies, procedures and 

rules to monitor and maintain compliance with this Section and the Act, including policies 

regarding visitors, updating of age records, the granting of exemptions to compliance and 

enforcement. The Association shall periodically distribute such policies, procedures and rules to 

the Owners and make copies available to Owners, their Lessees and Mortgagees upon reasonable 

request. 

16.4 Enforcement. The Association may enforce this Section 16 in any legal or equitable 

manner available, as the Board deems appropriate, including, without limitation, conducting a 

census of the occupants of Homes, requiring that copies of birth certificates or other proof of age 

for one new Age-Qualified Occupant per Home be provided to the Board on a periodic basis, in 

its sole discretion, taking action to evict the occupants of any Home which does not comply with 

the requirements and restrictions of this Section. Association's records regarding individual 

Members shall be maintained on a confidential basis and not provided except as legally required 

to governing authorities seeking to enforce the Act. Each Owner shall fully and truthfully respond 

to any Association request for information regarding the occupancy of Home on his or her Lot 

which, in the Board's judgment, is reasonably necessary to monitor compliance with this Section. 

Each Owner hereby appoints the Association as its attorney in fact for the purpose of taking legal 

or equitable action to dispossess evict or otherwise remove the occupants of any Home on his or 

her Lot as necessary to enforce compliance with this Section. 

16.5 Owner Com liance and Indemnit . Each Owner shall be responsible for ensuring 

compliance of its Lot with the requirements and restrictions of this Section and the Association 

rules adopted hereunder, by itself and by its Lessees and other occupants of its Lot or Home. Each 

Owner, by acceptance of title to a Lot or Home agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Declarant, 

any affiliate of Declarant and the Association harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages 

and causes of action which nnay arise from failure of such Owner's Lot to so comply, including, 

without limitation, all assessments, costs, changes, attorneys' fees and other sums assessed against 

or incurred by the Association by the County or School Board (as defined below) under Section 

16.7 below, and same shall be an Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot. Such defense 

costs shall include, but not be limited to, attorney fees and costs. 

16.6 1-lousehold Composition. The Association shall not interfere with the freedom of 

Members and Residents to determine the number of Qualified Occupants within a household, 

except that it may limit the total of Persons entitled to occupy a Home based upon the size of the 

Home (based on such factors as the number of bedrooms), not to exceed the number permitted 

51 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 53 of 139 
†
9774 G2676 

OR BK 

under current zoning ordinances and limit the number of occupants per household who have full 

privileges as members to use of the Common Area. 

16.7 Pasco County Requirements. To be acceptable to the County for waiver of school 

impact fee or reduction of the mobility fee, transportation impact fee ("T IF") or trip generation 

mitigation, and in addition to the other provisions of this Section 16, the following covenants and 

restrictions are hereby imposed on DEL WEBB BEXLEY: 

16.7.1 DEL WEBB BEXLEY is a housing facility or community operating under 

the exemption requirements of the Fair Housing Act, 42 U.S.C. SS 3607, as amended, as 

housing for older persons. At least eighty (80%) percent of the units are occupied by at 

least one (l) person fifty-five (55) years or older, and the housing facility or community 

complies with 24 C.F.R. 100.305, 100.306, and 100.307, as amended. 

16.7.2 No person under the age of twenty-two (22) shall be allowed to permanently 

occupy any residential unit in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Occupancy by the said individual(s) 

in any residential unit(s) for more than ninety (90) days shall constitute "permanent" 

occupancy. 

16.7.3 The Association shall be responsible for enforcing the foregoing restrictions 

and shall be jointly and severally liable along with the owner(s) of the violating unit(s) to 

the County and the District School Board of Pasco County ("School Board"), for 

payment(s) of any school impact fees, mobility fees, T IFS or transportation mitigation 

waived or reduced if such restrictions have been violated. Such payment(s) shall be 

calculated in accordance with the school impact fee, mobility fee, T IF, or the transportation 

mitigation rates or rules in effect at the time the violation(s) are discovered. 

16.7.4 The foregoing restrictions are for the benefit of the County and the School 

Board who shall have the right to enforce violations of the foregoing restrictions by 

assessment of school impact fees, T IFS, mobility fees, or transportation mitigation by any 

means legally available to the Association or by any other legal remedy, including 

injunctive relief. The County and the School Board shall be entitled to recover any 

attorney's fees expended to enforce violations of the foregoing restrictions or to collect 

school impact fees, T IFS, or transportation mitigation waived or reduced in violation of the 

foregoing restrictions. 

16.7.5 The foregoing restrictions shall survive any expiration of the other 

applicable deed restrictions and shall not be removed or amended without the consent and 

written agreement of both the County and the School Board. 

16.7.6 Individual deeds and lease agreements for real property/units within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY must contain the following language in its entirety: 

16.7.6.1 The community of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is intended to be 

"housing for older persons" pursuant to the Fair Housing Act, 42 U.S.C. SS 3607. 

No person under the age of twenty-two (22) shall be allowed to permanently occupy 

any residential unit in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Occupancy by the said individual(s) 

52 

1 1 786.v7 

Page 54 of 139 
†
9774 G2677 

OR BK 

in any residential unit(s) for more than ninety (90) days shall constitute 

"permanent" occupancy. 

16.7.6.2 The foregoing restrictions are for the benefit of Pasco County 

and the District School Board of Pasco County ("School Board") who shall have 

the right to enforce violations of the foregoing restrictions by assessment of school 

impact fees, mobility fees, transportation impact fees ("TIFs") or transportation 

mitigation by any means legally available to the DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., or by any other legal remedy, including 

injunctive relief. The County and the School Board shall be entitled to recover any 

attorney's fees expended to enforce violations for the foregoing restrictions or to 

collect school impact fees, mobility fees, T IFS, or transportation mitigation waived 

or reduced in violation of the foregoing restrictions. 

16,7.6.3 The foregoing restrictions shall not be removed or amended 

without the consent and written agreement of both Pasco County and the School 

Board. 

16.7.6.4 This restrictive covenant shall run with the land and be binding 

and enforceable against the lessee or grantee, his heirs, assigns and successors in 

interest. 

16.7.7 In the event of any conflict between the other provisions of Section 16 and 

this Section 16.7, the terms of this Section 16.7 shall control. 

17. 

Assessments. 

17.1 General. Each Owner, by acceptance of a deed or instrument of conveyance for the 

acquisition of title in any manner (whether or not so expressed in the deed), including any 

purchaser at a judicial sale, shall be deemed to have covenanted and agreed to pay to the 

Association at the time and in the manner required by the Board, assessments or charges as are 

fixed, established and collected from time to time by the Association (collectively, the 

"Assessments"). As Vacant Lots (as defined herein) and Spec Lots (as defined herein) are not 

improved or may not receive certain services, Declarant and any record title owner of a Vacant Lot 

or a Spec Lot shall not be assessed uniformly with Lots containing completed Homes which are 

not Spec Lots. 

17.2 Purpose of Assessments. The Assessments levied by the Association shall be used 

for, among other things, the purpose of operating and maintaining DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and in 

particular, without limitation, for the improvement, operation and maintenance of the Common 

Areas and other land, or landscaping within or adjacent to DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

that are the responsibility of the Association, including, without limitation, the Surface Water 

Management System, to the extent not maintained by the CDD. Assessments shall include the 

following categories of charges as and when levied and deemed payable by the Board: 

17.2. I Any periodic assessment (on such frequency as determined by the Board) 

or charge for the purpose of operating the Association and accomplishing any and all of its 

purposes, as determined in accordance herewith, including without limitation, payment of 

53 

003881 1 74366\.3431786.v7 

Page 55 of 139 
†
9774 G2678 

OR BK 

Operating Expenses and collection of amounts necessary to pay any deficits from prior 

years' operation ("Installment Assessments"); 

17.2.2 Intentionally Deleted. 

17.2.3 Any special assessments for capital improvements, major repairs, 

emergencies, the repair or replacement of the Surface Water Management System, to the 

extent same is the responsibility of the Association, or nonrecurring expenses ("Special 

Assessments"); 

17.2.4 Any specific fees, dues or charges to be paid for any special services, for 

any special or personal use of the Common Areas, or to reimburse the Association for the 

expenses incurred in connection with such service or use ("Use Fees"); 

17.2.5 Assessments of any kind for the creation of reasonable reserves for any of 

the aforesaid purposes. The Board may, but shall have no obligation to, include a "Reserve 

for Replacement" in the Installment Assessments in order to establish and maintain an 

adequate reserve fund for the periodic maintenance, repair, and replacement of 

improvements comprising a portion of the Common Areas (the "Reserves"), including 

without limitation, Reserves for maintenance, repair and replacement of Recreational 

Facilities. Reserves shall be payable in such manner and at such times as determined by 

the Association, and may be payable in installments extending beyond the fiscal year in 

which the Reserves are established; and 

17.2.6 Any specific assessment for costs incurred by the Association which 

amounts are by their nature applicable only to one or more Lots, but less than all Lots 

("Individual Assessments"). By way of example and not limitation, the cost of 

Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance for each Lot shall be an Individual Assessment 

against each Lot that varies based upon the size category of such Lot as provided in Section 

10.2 above. In addition, in the event an Owner fails to maintain their Lot or the exterior of 

their Home in a manner required by the Governing Documents, the Association shall have 

the right, through its agents and employees, to enter upon the Lot and to repair, restore, and 

maintain the Lot and/or Home as required by the Governing Documents. The costs of any 

such repair, restoration and/or maintenance, plus the reasonable administrative expenses of 

the Association and any costs incurred in bringing a Lot and/or Home into compliance with 

the Governing Documents shall be an Individual Assessment. The lien for an Individual 

Assessment may be foreclosed in the same manner as any other Assessment. 

17.3 Designation. The designation of Assessment type and amount shall be made by the 

Association. Prior to the Community Completion Date, any such designation must be approved 

by Declarant. Such designation may be made on the budget prepared by the Association. The 

designation shall be binding upon all Owners. 

17.4 

17.4. I Commencing on the first day of the period covered by the annual budget, 

and until the adoption of the next annual budget, the Assessments for Operating Expenses 

and Reserves (if any) shall be allocated so that each Owner shall pay Operating Expenses, 

54 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 56 of 139 
†
9774 G2679 

OR BK 

Special Assessments and Reserves based upon a fraction, the numerator of which is one 

(l) and the denominator of which is the total number of Lots in DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

conveyed to Owners or any greater number determined by Declarant from time to time. 

Declarant, in its sole and absolute discretion may change such denominator from time to 

time; provided, however, under no circumstances will the denominator be less than the 

number of Lots owned by Owners. In addition, any Lot that does not have a Home 

constructed thereon as evidenced by a Certificate of Occupancy (a "Vacant Lot") and any 

Lot that has a Home constructed thereon but is owned by the Declarant or Founder (a "Spec 

Lot") also shall be assessed at ten percent (10%) of the Installment Assessment assessed 

to Lots with Homes constructed thereon and owned by Owners. The Vacant Lot 

Assessment and the Spec Lot Assessment shall be additional income to the Association and 

Vacant Lots and Spec Lots shall not be included in the denominator used to determine each 

Owner's pro rata share of the Operating Expenses and Reserves (if any), unless otherwise 

determined by the Declarant in its sole and absolute discretion. In no event, however, shall 

Declarant pay Special Assessments. 

17.4.2 In the event the Operating Expenses as estimated in the budget for a 

particular fiscal year are, after the actual Operating Expenses for that period is known, less 

than the actual costs, then the difference shall, at the election of the Association: (i) be 

added to the calculation of Installment Assessments, as applicable, for the next ensuing 

fiscal year; or (ii) be immediately collected from the Owners as a Special Assessment. The 

Association shall have the unequivocal right to specially assess Owners retroactively on 

January 1st of any year for any shortfall in Installment Assessments, which Special 

Assessment shall relate back to the date that the Installment Assessments could have been 

made. After the Turnover Date, no vote of the Owners shall be required for such Special 

Assessment (or for any other Assessment) except to the extent specifically provided herein. 

Prior to the Turnover Date, a Special Assessment may be levied by the Association with 

the approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (5 1 of the Voting 

Interests present (in person or by proxy) at a duly called meeting of the members. 

17.4.3 Each Owner agrees that so long as it does not pay more than the required 

amount it shall have no grounds upon which to object to either the method of payment or 

non-payment by other Owners or the Declarant of any sums due. 

17.5 General Assessments Allocation. Installment Assessments shall be uniform for all 

Lots improved with a Home, except as provided in this Declaration. Special Assessments and 

Reserves shall be allocated equally to each Owner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 

contained in the Governing Documents, but subject to the rights of Declarant pursuant to Section 

17.8 of this Declaration, Vacant Lots and Spec Lots shall be assessed at ten percent (10%) of the 

Installment Assessments assessed to Lots with Homes constructed thereon and owned by Owners. 

This lesser Assessment amount reflects that such Vacant Lots and Spec Lots will not benefit from 

maintenance and other services provided by the Association. At such time as a Home is conveyed 

by the Declarant or Founder to an Owner, then the Vacant Lot or Spec Lot, as applicable, shall be 

deemed a fully assessed Lot and shall be responsible for one-hundred percent (100%) of 

Installment Assessments and Special Assessments, except as otherwise provided herein. 

55 

003881 1 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 57 of 139 
†
9774 G2680 

OR BK 

17.6 Use Fees and Individual Assessment. Except as hereinafter specified to the 

contrary, Use Fees and Individual Assessments shall be made against the Owners benefiting from, 

or subject to, the special service or cost as specified by the Association. 

17.7 Commencement of First Assessment. Assessments shall commence as to each 

Owner on the day of the conveyance of title of a Home to such Owner. The record title owner of 

a Lot is jointly and severally liable with the previous record title owner of the Lot for all unpaid 

Assessments that came due up to the time of transfel' of title. A record title owner of a Lot, 

regardless of how title to the Lot has been acquired, including by purchase at a foreclosure sale or 

by deed in lieu of foreclosure, is liable for all Assessments that come due while such person or 

entity was the record title owner of the Lot. An Owner's liability for Assessments may not be 

avoided by waiver or suspension of the use or enjoyment of any Common Areas or by 

abandonment of the Lot upon which the Assessments are made. 

17.8 Shortfalls and Surpluses. Each Owner acknowledges that because Installment 

Assessments, Special Assessments, and Reserves are allocated based on the formula provided 

herein, or upon the number of Lots conveyed to Owners on or prior to September 30th of the prior 

fiscal year, it is possible that the Association may collect more or less than the amount budgeted 

for Operating Expenses. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant shall have the option to (i) pay any 

Operating Expenses incurred by the Association that exceed the Assessments receivable from 

Owners and other income of the Association (the "Deficit"), or (ii) pay Installment Assessments 

on Homes or Lots owned by Declarant at the applicable rate of Installment Assessments 

established for Lots and Homes, including Vacant Lots and Spec Lots, owned by Class A members. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration to the contrary, Declarant shall never be 

required to (i) pay Assessments if Declarant has elected to fund the Deficit instead of paying 

Assessments on Homes or Lots owned by Declarant, (ii) pay Special Assessments or Reserves, or 

(iii) fund deficits due to delinquent Owners. Any surplus Assessments collected by the Association 

may be allocated towards the next year's Operating Expenses or, in the Association's sole and 

absolute discretion, to the creation of Reserves, whether or not budgeted. Under no circumstances 

shall the Association be required to pay surplus Assessments to Owners. The Declarant may at 

any time give thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Association terminating its responsibility 

for the Deficit, and waiving its right to exclusion from Assessments. Upon giving such notice, or 

upon Turnover, whichever is sooner, each Lot owned by Declarant shall thereafter be assessed at 

the applicable rate of Installment Assessments established for Lots and Homes, including Vacant 

Lots and Spec Lots, owned by Class A members. Declarant shall not be responsible for any 

Reserves or Special Assessments, even after the Turnover. Declarant shall be assessed only for 

Lots which are subject to the operation of this Declaration. Upon transfer of title of a Lot owned 

by Declarant, the Lot shall be assessed in the amount established for Lots owned by Owners other 

than the Declarant, prorated as of and commencing with, the month fˆllowing the date of transfer 

of title. 

THE DECLARANT DOES NOT PROVIDE A GUARANTEE OF THE LEVEL OF 

ASSESSMENTS. AS SUCH, THERE IS NO MAXIMUM GUARANTEED LEVEL OF 

ASSESSMENTS DUE FROM OWNERS. IN THE EVENT THE DECLARANT ELECTS TO 

DEFICIT FUND IN LIEU OF PAYING ASSESSMENTS ON THE SAME BASIS AS OTHER 

OWNERS, THE DECLARANT SHALL SPECIFICALLY ELECT TO FUND THE DEFICIT AS 

PROVIDED IN SECTION FLORIDA STATUTES. AS SUCH, THE 

56 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 58 of 139 
†
9774 G2681 

OR BK 

PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 720.308(2) THROUGH 720.308(6), FLORIDA STATUTES, ARE 

NOT APPLICABLE TO THE DECLARANT OR THE CALCULATION OF THE DEFICIT OR 

OTHER AMOUNTS DUE FROM THE DECLARANT. 

17.9 Budgets. The initial budget prepared by Declarant is adopted as the budget for the 

period of operation until adoption of the first annual Association budget. Thereafter, annual 

budgets shall be prepared and adopted by the Association. Assessments shall be payable by each 

Owner as provided in this Declaration. THE INITIAL BUDGET OF THE ASSOCIATION IS 

PROJECTED (NOT BASED ON HISTORICAL OPERATING FIGURES). THEREFORE, IT IS 

POSSIBLE THAT ACTUAL ASSESSMENTS MAY BE LESS OR GREATER THAN 

PROJECTED. 

17.10 Establishment of Assessments. Assessments shall be established in accordance 

with the following procedures: 

Installment Assessments shall be established by the adoption of a 

17.10.1 

twelve (12) month operating budget by the Board. The budget shall be in the form required 

by Section 720.303(6), Florida Statutes. The Board may from time to time determine when 

the Installment Assessments will be collected by the Association (i.e. monthly, quarterly, 

or annually). Unless otherwise established by the Board, Installment Assessments for 

Operating Expenses shall be collected on a monthly basis. 

Special Assessments and Individual Assessments may be 

17.10.2 

established by the Association, from time to time, and shall be payable at such time or 

time(s) as determined by the Board. Until the Community Completion Date, no Special 

Assessment shall be imposed without the consent of Declarant. 

Association may establish, from time to time, by resolution, rule or 

17.10.3 

regulation, or by delegation to an officer or agent, including, a professional management 

company, Use Fees. The sums established shall be payable by the Owner utilizing the 

service or facility as determined by the Association. 

Initial Contribution. The first purchaser of a Lot from the Declarant shall pay to 

17.11 

the Association an initial contribution in the amount EIGHT HUNDRED AND NO/IOO 

DOLLARS ($800.00) (the "Initial Contribution") at the time of closing of the conveyance. The 

funds derived from the Initial Contributions are deemed income to the Association and shall be 

used at the discretion of Board for any purpose, including without limitation, future and existing 

capital improvements, Operating Expenses, support costs and start-up costs. 

17.12 Resale Contribution. After the Home has been conveyed by Declarant, there shall 

be collected from the purchaser upon every subsequent conveyance of an ownership interest in a 

Home by an Owner a resale contribution in the amount of EIGHT HUNDRED AND NO/IOO 

DOLLARS ($800.00) (the "Resale Contribution"). The Board, in its discretion, may increase 

the amount of the Resale Contribution from time to time commencing on the date that is five (5) 

years after the date of recordation of this Declaration, provided, however, that the amount of such 

Resale Contribution lilay not increase at an aggregate rate in excess of two percent (2%) per year 

for the period commencing on the date of recordation of this Declaration through the effective date 

57 

003881 1 1 786.v7 

Page 59 of 139 
†
9774 G2682 

OR BK 

of such increase unless such additional increase is approved pursuant to an amendment to this 

Declaration pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof. The Resale Contribution shall not be applicable to 

colweyances from or to Declarant or Founder. The funds derived from the Resale Contributions 

are income to the Association and shall be used at the discretion of Board for any purpose, 

including without limitation, future and existing capital improvements, Operating Expenses, 

support costs and start-up costs. 

17.13 Assessment Estoppel Certificates. No Owner shall sell or convey its interest in a 

Lot or Home unless all sums due to the Association have been paid in full and an estoppel 

certificate shall have been received by such Owner. Association shall prepare and maintain a 

ledger noting Assessments due from each Owner. The ledger shall be kept in the office of the 

Association, or its designees, and shall be open to inspection by any Owner. Within ten (10) 

business days of a written request therefor, there shall be furnished to an Owner an estoppel 

certificate in writing setting forth whether the Assessments have been paid and/or the amount that 

is due as of any date. As to parties other than Owners who, without knowledge of error, rely on 

the certificate, the certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the amount of any Assessment therein 

stated. The Owner requesting the estoppel certificate shall be required to pay Association or the 

Manager (as defined below) engaged by the Association a reasonable sum to cover the costs of 

examining records and preparing such estoppel certificate. 

17.14 Payment of Home Real Estate Taxes. Each Owner shall pay all taxes and 

obligations relating to its Lot which, if not paid, could become a lien against the Lot that is superior 

to the lien for Assessments created by this Declaration. 

17.15 Creation of the Lien and Personal Obligation. Each Owner, by acceptance of a deed 

or instrument of conveyance for the acquisition of title to a Lot, shall be deemed to have 

covenanted and agreed that the Assessments, and/or other charges and fees set forth herein, 

together with interest, late fees, costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at 

all levels of proceedings including appeals, collections and bankruptcy, shall be a charge and 

continuing lien in favor of the Association encumbering the Lot owned by the Owner against whom 

each such Assessment is made. The lien is effective from and after recording a Claim of Lien in 

the Public Records stating the legal description of the Lot, name of the Owner, and the amounts 

due as of that date, but shall relate back to the date that this Declaration is recorded. The Claim of 

Lien shall also cover any additional amounts which accrue thereafter until satisfied. Each 

Assessment, together with interest, late fees, costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy, and other costs 

and expenses provided for herein, shall be the personal obligation of the person or entity that was 

the record title owner of the Lot at the time when the Assessment became due, as well as the such 

record title owner's heirs, devisees, personal representatives, successors or assigns. 

17.16 Subordination of the Lien to Mortgages. The lien for Assessments shall be 

subordinate to bona fide first mortgage held by a Lender on any Lot, if the mortgage is recorded 

in the Public Records prior to the Claim of Lien. The lien for Assessments shall not be affected 

by any sale or transfer of a Lot, except in the event of a sale or transfer of a Lot pursuant to a 

foreclosure (or by deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) of a bona fide first mortgage held by a 

Lender, in which event, the acquirer of title, its successors and assigns, shall be liable for 

Assessments which became due prior to such sale or transfer to the extent provided in Section 

58 

003881 1 74366\34.31786.v7 

Page 60 of 139 
†
9774 G2683 

OR BK 

720.3085, Florida Statutes. However, any such unpaid Assessments for which such acquirer of 

title is not liable may be reallocated and assessed to all Owners (including such acquirer of title) 

as a part of Operating Expenses. Any sale or transfer pursuant to a foreclosure (or by deed in lieu 

of foreclosure or otherwise pursuant to a foreclosure) shall not relieve the record title owner from 

liability for, nor the Lot from, the lien of any Assessments made thereafter. Nothing herein 

contained shall be construed as releasing the party liable for any delinquent Assessments from the 

payment thereof, or the enforcement of collection by means other than foreclosure. A Lender shall 

give written notice to the Association if the mortgage held by such Lender is in default. 

Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cure such default within the time periods 

provided in the mortgage held by such Lender. In the event Association makes such payment on 

behalf of a record title owner, the Association shall, in addition to all other rights reserved herein, 

be subrogated to all of the rights of the Lender with respect to such payment. All amounts 

advanced on behalf of a record title owner pursuant to this Section shall be added to Assessments 

payable by such record title owner with appropriate interest. 

17.17 Acceleration. In the event of a default in the payment of any Assessment, the 

Association may accelerate the Assessments then due for up to the next ensuing twelve (12) month 

period. 

17.18 Non-Payment of Assessments. If any Assessment is not paid within ten (10) days 

(or such other period of time established by the Board) after the due date, a late fee of Twenty-Five 

and no/ 100 Dollars ($25.00) per month or five percent of the delinquent installments whichever is 

greater (or such greater amount established by the Board and permitted by applicable law), together 

with interest in an amount equal to the maximum rate allowable by law (or such lesser rate 

established by the Board), per annum, beginning from the due date until paid in full, may be levied. 

The late fee shall compensate the Association for administrative costs, loss of use of money, and 

accounting expenses. Su12ject to providing any prior notice as may be required by law, if any, the 

Association may, at any time thereafter, bring an action at law against the record title owner 

personally obligated to pay the same, and/or foreclose the lien against the Lot, or both. The 

Association shall not be required to bring such an action if it believes that the best interests of the 

Association would not be served by doing so. There shall be added to the Assessment all costs 

expended in preserving the priority of the lien and all costs and expenses of collection, including 

attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees, at all levels of proceedings, including appeals, collection 

and bankruptcy. No Owner may waive or otherwise escape liability for Assessments provided for 

herein by non-use of, or the waiver of the right to use, the Common Areas or by abandonment of 

a Lot or Home. All payments on accounts shall be first applied to fines levied in accordance with 

the terms of this Declaration, interest accrued by the Association, then to any administrative late 

fee, then to costs and attorneys' fees, and then to the delinquent Assessment payment first due. 

The allocation of payment described in the previous sentence shall apply notwithstanding any 

restrictive endorsement, designation, or instruction placed on or accompanying a payment. 

17.19 Exemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Declarant, at 

Declarant's sole option, shall either (i) pay Assessments on Lots and Homes owned by Declarant, 

including the applicable rate for Vacant Lots or Spec Lots, or (ii) fund the Deficit, if any, as set 

forth in Section 17.8 herein. In addition, the Board shall have the right to exempt any portion of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY subject to this Declaration from the Assessments, provided that such part 

59 

003881 786.v7 

Page 61 of 139 
†
9774 G2684 

OR BK 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY exempted is used (and as long as it is used) for any of the following 

purposes: 

Any easement or other interest therein dedicated and accepted by 

17.19.1 

the local public authority and devoted to public use; and 

Any of DEL WEBB BEXLEY exempted from ad valorem taxation 

17.19.2 

by the laws of the State of Florida or exempted from Assessments by other provisions of 

this Declaration. 

In addition any portion ofDEL WEBB BEXLEY that is owned by Founder shall be exempt 

from Assessments. 

17.20 Collection by Declarant. If for any reason the Association shall fail or be unable to 

levy or collect Assessments, then in that event, Declarant shall at all times have the right, but not 

the obligation: (i) to advance such sums as a loan to the Association to bear interest and to be 

repaid as hereinafter set forth; and/or (ii) to levy and collect such Assessments by using the 

remedies available as set forth above, including, but not limited to, recovery of attorneys' fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy. Such remedies 

shall be deemed assigned to Declarant for such purposes. If Declarant advances sums, it shall be 

entitled to immediate reimbursement, on demand, from Association for such amounts so paid, plus 

interest thereon at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus two percent (2%), plus any costs of 

collection including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at all 

levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy. 

17.21 Rights to Pay Assessments and Receive Reimbursement. Association, Declarant 

and any Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, jointly and severally, and at their sole 

option, to pay any Assessments or other charges which are in default and which may or have 

become a lien or charge against any Lot or Home. If so paid, the party paying the same shall be 

subrogated to the enforcement rights of the Association with regard to the amounts due. 

17.22 Mortgagee Right. Each Lender may request in writing that Association notify such 

Lender of any default of the Owner of the Home subject to the Lender's mortgage which default 

is not cured within thirty (30) days after Association learns of such default. A failure by the 

Association to furnish notice to any Lender shall not result in liability of the Association because 

such notice is given as a courtesy to a Lender and the furnishing of such notice is not an obligation 

of the Association to Lender. 

17.23 Collection from Lessees. If a Home is occupied by a Lessee and the Owner is 

delinquent in the payment of Assessments, the Association may demand from the Lessee payment 

to the Association of all monetary obligations, including without limitation, Assessments due from 

the Owner to the Association. All such payments made by a Lessee to the Association shall be 

credited against rent and other sums due from such Lessee to such Owner. So long as the Owner 

remains delinquent, future rent payments due to the Owner must be paid to the Association and 

shall be credited to the monetary obligations of the Owner to the Association; provided, however, 

if within fourteen (14) days from the written demand of the Association, the Lessee provides the 

60 

003881 786.v7 

Page 62 of 139 
†
9774 G2685 

OR BK 

Association with written evidence of making prepaid rent payments, the Lessee shall receive a 

credit fˆr the prepaid rent for the applicable period of such prepaid rent. 

Information to Lenders and Owners. 

18. 

18.1 There shall be available for inspections upon request, during normal 

business hours or under other reasonable circumstances, to Owners and Lenders current copies of 

the Governing Documents. 

18.2 Copying. Any Owner and/or Lender shall be entitled, upon written request, and at 

its cost, to a copy of the documents referred to above. 

18.3 Notice. Upon written request by a Lender (identifying the name and address of the 

Lender and the name and address of the applicable Owner), the Lender will be entitled to timely 

written notice of: 

Page 63 of 139 

19. 

18.3. I Any condemnation loss or casualty loss which affects a material portion of 

a Home to the extent Association is notified of the same; 

18.3.2 Any delinquency in the payment of Assessments owed by an Owner of a 

Home subject to a first mortgage held by the Lender, which remains uncured for a period 

of sixty (60) days; 

18.3.3 Any lapse, cancellation, or material modification of any insurance policy or 

fidelity bond maintained hereunder; and 

18.3.4 Any proposed action that specifically requires the consent of a Lender. 

Architectural Control. 

19.1 Architectural Review Committee. The ARC shall be a permanent committee of the 

Association and shall administer and perform the architectural and landscape review and control 

functions relating to DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The ARC shall consist of a minimum of three (3) 

members who shall initially be named by Declarant and who shall hold office at the pleasure of 

Declarant, provided, however, that pursuant to Section 28.5 below, Founder has the option to 

appoint one (l ) member of the ARC until such time as Declarant has purchased all of the Additional 

Property from Founder pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract. 

Until the Community 

Completion Date, Declarant shall have the right to change the number of members on the ARC, 

and to appoint, remove, and replace all members of the ARC other than the member, if any, 

appointed by Founder. Declarant shall determine which members of the ARC shall serve as its 

chairman and co-chairman. In the event of the failure, refusal, or inability to act of any of the 

members appointed by Declarant, Declarant shall have the right to replace any member within 

thirty (30) days of such occurrence. If Declarant fails to replace that member, the remaining 

members of the ARC shall fill the vacancy by appointment. From and after the Community 

Completion Date, the Board shall have the same rights as Declarant with respect to the ARC. 

19.2 Membership. There is no requirement that any member of the ARC be a member 

of the Association. 

61 

003881 1 Il 74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2686 

OR BK 

19.3 General Plan. It is the intent of this Declaration to create a general plan and scheme 

of development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Accordingly, the ARC shall have the right to approve 

or disapprove all architectural, landscaping, and improvements within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by 

Owners. The ARC shall have the right to evaluate all plans and specifications as to consistency 

with the Architectural Guidelines and Approved Plans, harmony of exterior design, landscaping, 

location of any proposed improvements, relationship to surrounding structures, topography and 

conformity with such other reasonable requirements as shall be adopted by ARC. The ARC may 

impose standards for construction and development which may be greater or more stringent than 

standards prescribed in applicable building, zoning, or other local governmental codes. Prior to 

the Community Completion Date, any additional standards or modification of existing standards 

shall require the consent of Declarant, which may be granted or denied in its sole discretion. 

19.4 Master Plan. Declarant has established an overall Master Plan. However, 

notwithstanding the above, or any other document, brochures or plans, Declarant reserves the right 

to modify the Master Plan or any site plan at any time as it deems desirable in its sole discretion 

and in accordance with applicable laws and ordinances. WITHOUT LIMITING THE 

FOREGOING, DECLARANT MAY PRESENT TO THE PUBLIC OR TO OWNERS 

RENDERINGS, PLANS, MODELS, GRAPHICS, TOPOGRAPHICAL TABLES, SALES 

BROCHURES, OR OTHER PAPERS RESPECTING DEL WEBB BEXLEY. SUCH 

RENDERINGS, PLANS, MODELS, GRAPHICS, TOPOGRAPHICAL TABLES, SALES 

BROCHURES, OR OTHER PAPERS ARE NOT A GUARANTEE OF HOW DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY WILL APPEAR UPON COMPLETION AND DECLARANT RESERVES THE 

RIGHT TO CHANGE ANY AND ALL OF TI-IE FOREGOING AT ANY TIME AS DECLARANT 

DEEMS NECESSARY IN ITS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. 

19.5 Architectural Guidelines. Each Owner and its contractors and employees shall 

observe, and comply with, and all construction in DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be consistent with 

(i) the Architectural Guidelines which now or may hereafter be promulgated by the Declarant or 

the ARC and approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28.6 below and (ii) Approved Plans as 

approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28.8 below. The Architectural Guidelines and Approved 

Plans shall be effective from the date of adoption; shall be specifically enforceable by injunction 

or otherwise: and shall have the effect of covenants as if set forth herein verbatim. The 

Architectural Guidelines and Approved Plans shall not require any Owner to alter the 

improvements previously constructed. Until the Community Completion Date, Declarant, subject 

to approval of same by Founder pursuant to Sections 28.6 and 28.8 below, shall have the right to 

approve, adopt or amend the Architectural Guidelines and Approved Plans in its sole discretion. 

19.6 Quorum. A majority of the ARC shall constitute a quorum to transact business at 

any meeting. The action of a majority present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall 

constitute the action of the ARC. In lieu of a meeting, the ARC Inay act in writing. 

19.7 Power and Duties of the ARC. No improvements shall be constructed on a Lot, no 

exterior of a Home shall be repainted, no landscaping, sign, or impl'ovements erected, removed, 

planted, or installed upon on a Lot, nor shall any material addition to or any change, replacement, 

or alteration of the improvements as originally constructed by Declarant (visible from the exterior 

of the Home) be made until the plans and specifications showing the nature, kind, shape, height, 

62 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 64 of 139 
†
9774 G2687 

OR BK 

materials, floor plans, color scheme, and the location of same shall have been submitted to and 

approved in writing by the ARC. 

19.8 Procedure. In order to obtain the approval of the ARC, each Owner shall observe 

the following: 

19.8. I Each applicant shall submit an application to the ARC with respect to any 

proposed improvement or material change in an improvement, together with the required 

application(s) and other fee(s) as established by the ARC. The applications shall include 

such information as may be required by the application form adopted by the ARC. The 

ARC may also require submission of samples of building materials and colors proposed to 

be used. At the time of such submissions, the applicant shall, if requested, submit to the 

ARC, such site plans, plans and specifications for the proposed improvement, prepared and 

stamped by a registered Florida architect or residential designer, and landscaping and 

irrigation plans, prepared by a registered landscape architect or designer showing all 

existing trees and major vegetation stands and surface water drainage plan showing 

existing and proposed design grades, contours relating to the predetermined ground floor 

finish elevation, pool plans and specifications and the times scheduled for completion, all 

as reasonably specified by the ARC. 

19.8.2 In the event the information submitted to the ARC is, in the ARC's opinion, 

incomplete or insufficient in any manner, the ARC may request and require the submission 

of additional or supplemental information. The applicant shall, within fifteen (15) days 

thereafter, comply with the request. 

19.8.3 No later than forty-five (45) days after receipt of all information required 

by the ARC for final review, the ARC shall approve or deny the application in writing. The 

ARC shall have the right to refuse to approve any plans and specifications which are not 

suitable or desirable, in the ARC's sole discretion, for aesthetic or any other reasons or to 

impose qualifications and conditions thereon. In approving or disapproving such plans and 

specifications, the ARC shall consider the suitability of the proposed improvements, the 

materials of which the improvements are to be built, the site upon which the improvements 

are proposed to be erected, the harmony thereof with the surrounding area and the effect 

thereof on adjacent or neighboring property. In the event the ARC fails to respond within 

said forty-five (45) day period, the plans and specifications shall be deemed disapproved 

by the ARC. 

19.8.4 Construction of all improvements shall be completed within the time period 

set forth in the application and approved by the ARC. 

19.8.5 In the event that the ARC disapproves any plans and specifications, the 

applicant may request a rehearing by the ARC for additional review of the disapproved 

plans and specifications. The meeting shall take place no later than forty-five (45) days 

after written request for such meeting is received by the ARC, unless applicant waives this 

time requirement in writing. The ARC shall make a fmal written decision no later than 

forty-five (45) days after such meeting. In the event the ARC fails to provide such written 

63 

003881 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 65 of 139 
†
9774 G2688 

OR BK 

decision within said forty-five (45) days, the plans and specifications shall be deemed 

disapproved. 

19.8.6 Upon final disapproval (even if the members of the Board and the ARC are 

the same), the applicant may appeal the decision of the ARC to the Board within thirty (30) 

days of the ARC's written review and disapproval. Review by the Board shall take place 

no later than thirty (30) days subsequent to the receipt by the Board of the applicant's 

request therefor. If the Board fails to hold such a meeting within thirty (30) days after 

receipt of request for such meeting, then the plans and specifications shall be deemed 

disapproved. The Board shall make a final decision no later than sixty (60) days after such 

meeting. In the event the Board fails to provide such written decision within said sixty 

(60) days after such meeting, such plans and specifications shall be deemed disapproved. 

The decision of the ARC, or, if appealed, the Board, shall be final and binding upon the 

applicant, its heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 

19.9 Alterations. Any and all alterations, deletions, additions and changes of any type 

or nature whatsoever to then existing improvements or the plans or specifications previously 

approved by the ARC shall be subject to the approval of the ARC in the same manner as required 

for approval of original plans and specifications. 

19.10 Variances. Association or ARC shall have the power to grant variances from any 

requirements set forth in this Declaration or from the Architectural Guidelines, on a case by case 

basis, provided that the variance sought is reasonable and results from a hardship upon the 

applicant. The granting of a variance shall not nullify or otherwise affect the right to require strict 

compliance with the requirements set forth herein or in the Architectural Guidelines on any other 

occasion. 

19.11 Permits. Each Owner is solely responsible to obtain all required building and other 

permits from all governmental authorities having jurisdiction. 

19.12 Construction Activities. The following provisions govern construction activities by 

Owners after consent of the ARC has been obtained: 

Each Owner shall deliver to the ARC, if requested, copies of all 

19.12.1 

construction and building permits as and when received by the Owner, as applicable. Each 

construction site in DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be maintained in a neat and orderly 

condition throughout construction. Construction activities shall be performed on a diligent, 

workmanlike and continuous basis. Roadways, easements, swales, Common Areas, and 

other such areas in DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be kept clear of construction vehicles, 

construction materials and debris at all times. No construction office or trailer shall be kept 

in DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no construction materials shall be stored in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, subject, however, to such conditions and requirements as may be promulgated 

by the ARC. All refuse and debris shall be removed or deposited in a dumpster on a daily 

basis. No materials shall be deposited or permitted to be deposited in any Common Areas 

or other Lots or be placed anywhere outside of the Lot upon which the construction is 

taking place. No hazardous waste or toxic materials shall be stored, handled and used, 

including, without limitation, gasoline and petroleum products, except in compliance with 

64 

003881 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 66 of 139 
†
9774 G2689 

OR BK 

all applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances, and shall not be 

deposited in any manner on, in or within the construction or adjacent property. All 

construction activities shall comply with the Architectural Guidelines. If an Owner (or any 

of its contractors and employees) shall fail to comply in any regard with the requirements 

of this Section, the ARC may require that such Owner post security with the Association 

in such form and such amount deemed appropriate by the ARC in its sole discretion. 

There shall be provided to the ARC, if requested, a list (name, 

19.12.2 

address, telephone number and identity of contact person), of all contractors, 

subcontractors, materialmen and suppliers (collectively, "Contractors") and changes to 

the list as they occur relating to construction. The ARC shall have the right to require that 

each Contractor's employees check in at the designated construction entrances and to 

refuse entrance to persons and parties whose names are not registered with the ARC. 

Each Owner is responsible for ensuring compliance with all terms 

19.12.3 

and conditions of these provisions and of the Architectural Guidelines by all of its 

employees and Contractors. In the event of any violation of any such terms or conditions 

by any employee or Contractor, or, in the opinion of the ARC, the continued refusal of any 

employee or Contractor to comply with such terms and conditions, after five (5) days' 

notice and right to cure, the ARC shall have, in addition to the other rights hereunder, the 

right to prohibit the violating employee or Contractor from performing any further services 

in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

The ARC may, from time to time, adopt standards governing the 

19.12.4 

performance or conduct of Owners, Contractors and their respective employees within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY Each Owner and Contractor shall comply with such standards and 

cause its respective employees to also comply with same. The ARC may also promulgate 

requirements to be inserted in all contracts relating to construction within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY and each Owner shall include the same therein. 

19.13 Inspection. There is specifically reserved to the Association and ARC and to any 

agent or member of either of them, the right of entry and inspection upon any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY at any time within reasonable daytime hours, for the purpose of determining 

whether there exists any violation of the terms of any approval or the terms of this Declaration or 

the Architectural Guidelines. 

19.14 Violation. Without limiting any other provision herein, if any improvement shall 

be constructed or altered without prior written approval, or in a manner which fails to conform 

with the approval granted, the Owner, as applicable, shall, upon demand of the Association or the 

ARC, cause such improvement to be removed, or restored until approval is obtained or in order to 

comply with the plans and specifications originally approved. The applicable Owner shall be liable 

for the payment of all costs of removal or restoration, including all costs and attorneys' fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy, incurred by the 

Association or ARC. The costs shall be deemed an Individual Assessrnent and enforceable 

pursuant to the provisions of this Declaration. The ARC and/or Association are specifically 

empowered to enforce the architectural and landscaping provisions of this Declaration and the 

Architectural Guidelines, by any legal or equitable remedy. 

65 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 67 of 139 
†
9774 G2690 

OR BK 

In the event that it becomes necessary to resort to litigation to 

19.15 Court Costs. 

determine the propriety of any constructed improvement or to cause the removal of any 

unapproved improvement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover court costs, expenses 

and attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at all levels, including appeals, collections and 

bankruptcy, in connection therewith. 

19.16 Certificate of Non-Compliance. In the event that any Owner fails to comply with 

the provisions contained herein, the Architectural Guidelines, or other rules and regulations 

promulgated by the ARC, the Association and/or ARC may, in addition to all other remedies 

contained herein, record a Certificate of Non-Compliance against the Lot stating that the 

improvements on the Lot fail to meet the requirements of this Declaration and that the Lot is 

subject to further enforcement remedies. 

19.17 Certificate of Compliance. If requested by an Owner, prior to the occupancy of any 

improvement constructed or erected on any Lot by other than Declarant, or its designees, the 

Owner shall obtain a Certificate of Compliance from the ARC, certifying that the Owner, as 

applicable, has complied with the requirements set forth herein. The ARC may, from time to time, 

delegate to a member or members of the ARC the responsibility for issuing the Certificate of 

Compliance. The issuance of a Certificate of Compliance does not abrogate the ARC's rights set 

forth in this Section 19. The issuance of a Certificate of Compliance by the ARC with respect to 

any improvements shall not be deemed a representation that such improvements comply with any 

or all applicable health, safety or building codes applicable to such improvements or representation 

regarding the structural integrity, workmanship, materials, design, systems, safety or any other 

aspect or matter with respect to such improvements. 

19.18 Exemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, or in the 

Architectural Guidelines, any improvements of any nature made or to be made by Declarant or 

CDD, including without limitation, improvements made or to be made to the Common Areas, CDD 

Facilities or any Lot, shall not be subject to the review of the ARC, the Association, or the 

provisions of this Declaration or the Architectural Guidelines, but shall be in compliance with 

Approved Plans as provided in Section 28.8 below. 

19.19 Exculpation. Declarant, Association, the directors or officers of the Association, 

the ARC, the members of the ARC, or any person acting on behalf of any of them, shall not be 

liable for any cost or damages incurred by any Owner or any other party whatsoever, due to any 

mistakes in judgment, negligence, or any action of Declarant, Association, ARC or their members, 

officers, or directors, in connection with the approval or disapproval of plans and specifications or 

the issuance of a Certificate of Non-Compliance or a Certificate of Compliance with respect to 

such Owner's Lot or any improvements constructed thereon. Each Owner agrees, individually and 

on behalf of its heirs, successors and assigns by acquiring title to a Lot, that it shall not bring any 

action or suit against Declarant, Association or their respective directors or officers, the ARC or 

the members of the ARC, or their respective agents, in order to recover any damages caused by 

the actions of Declarant, Association, or ARC or their respective members, officers, or directors in 

connection with the provisions of this Section. Association does hereby indemnify, defend and 

hold Declarant, and the ARC, and each of their members, officers, and directors harmless from all 

costs, expenses, and liabilities, including attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at all levels, 

including appeals, of all nature resulting by virtue of the acts of the Owners, the Association, ARC 

66 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 68 of 139 
†
9774 G2691 

OR BK 

or their members, officers and directors. Declarant, Association, its directors or officers, the ARC 

or its members, or any person acting on behalf of any of them, shall not be responsible for any 

defects in any plans or specifications or the failure of same to comply with applicable laws or code 

nor for any defects in any improvements constructed pursuant thereto. Each party submitting plans 

and specifications for approval shall be solely responsible for the sufficiency thereof and for the 

quality of construction performed pursuant thereto. 

Enforcement. 

20. 

20.1 Right to Cure. Should any Owner do any of the following: 

20.1. I Fail to perform its responsibilities as set forth herein or in this Declaration 

or otherwise breach the provisions of this Declaration including, without limitation, any 

provision herein or therein benefiting SWF WMD; 

20.1.2 Cause any damage to any improvement or Common Areas; 

20.1.3 Impede Declarant or Association from exercising its rights or performing 

its responsibilities hereunder; or 

20.1.4 Undertake unauthorized improvements or modifications to a Lot or 

Common Areas; or 

20.1.5 Impede Declarant from proceeding with or completing the development of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as the case may be; 

Then Declarant and/or Association, where applicable, after reasonable prior written notice, 

shall have the right, through its agents and employees, to cure the breach, including, but not limited 

to, the entering upon the Lot and causing the default to be remedied and/or the required repairs or 

maintenance to be performed, or as the case may be, remove unauthorized improvements or 

modifications. The cost thereof, plus reasonable overhead costs and attorneys' fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy, incurred shall be 

assessed against the Owner, as applicable, as an Individual Assessment. 

20.2 Non-Monetary Defaults. In the event of a violation by any Owner, other than the 

nonpayment of any Assessment or other monies, of any of the provisions of this Declaration, 

Declarant or Association shall notify the Owner of the violation, by written notice. If such 

violation is not cured as soon as practicable and in any event within seven (7) days after such 

written notice, the party entitled to enforce same may, at its option: 

20.2. I Commence an action to enforce the performance on the part of the Owner, 

as applicable, or to enjoin the violation or breach or for equitable relief as may be necessary 

under the circumstances, including injunctive relief: and/or 

20.2.2 Commence an action to recover damages: and/or 

20.2.3 Take any and all action reasonably necessary to correct the violation or 

breach. 

67 

003881 1 \ 174366\3431786.v7 

Page 69 of 139 
†
9774 G2692 

OR BK 

All expenses incurred in connection with the violation or breach, or the commencement of 

any action against any Owner, including reasonable attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at all 

levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy shall be assessed against the Owner, as 

applicable, as an Individual Assessment, and shall be immediately due and payable without further 

notice. 

20.3 No Waiver. The failure to enforce any right, provision, covenant or condition in 

this Declaration, shall not constitute a waiver of the right to enforce such right, provision, covenant 

or condition in the future. 

20.4 Rights Cumulative. All rights, remedies, and privileges granted to Declarant, 

Association and/or the ARC pursuant to any terms, provisions, covenants or conditions of this 

Declaration, or Architectural Guidelines, shall be deemed to be cumulative, and the exercise of 

any one or more shall neither be deemed to constitute an election of remedies, nor shall it preclude 

any of them from pursuing such additional remedies, rights or privileges as may be granted or as 

it might have by law. 

20.5 Enforcement B or A ainst Other Persons. In addition to the foregoing, this 

Declaration or Architectural Guidelines may be enforced by Declarant and/or, where applicable, 

the CDD, Owners, and/or the Association by any procedure at law or in equity against any person 

violating or attempting to violate any provision herein, to restrain such violation, to require 

compliance with the provisions contained herein, to recover damages, or to enforce any lien created 

herein. The expense of any litigation to enforce this Declaration or Architectural Guidelines shall 

be borne by the person against whom enforcement is sought, provided such proceeding results in 

a fmding that such person was in violation of this Declaration or the Architectural Guidelines. 

SWF WMD shall have the right to enforce, by a proceeding at law or in equity, the provisions 

contained in the Declaration which relate to the maintenance, operation and repair of S W MS. 

20.6 Fines and Suspensions. Association may suspend, for reasonable periods of time, 

the rights of an Owner or an Owner's tenants, guests and invitees, or both, to use the Common 

Areas and may levy reasonable fines, not to exceed the maximum amounts permitted by Section 

720.305(2), Florida Statutes, against an Owner, tenant, guest or invitee, for failure to comply with 

any provision of this Declaration including, without limitation, those provisions benefiting 

SWF WMD and the Rules and Regulations and Architectural Guidelines. 

20.6. I A fine may be levied on the basis of each day of a continuing violation, with 

a single notice and opportunity for hearing. Fines in the aggregate are not capped to any 

amount. 

20.6.2 A fine or suspension may not be imposed without notice of at least fourteen 

(14) days to the person sought to be fined or suspended and an opportunity for a hearing 

before a committee of at least three (3) persons (the "Compliance Committee") appointed 

by the Board who are not officers, directors or employees of the Association, or the spouse, 

parent, child, brother, sister of an officer, director or employee. If the Compliance 

Committee does not by a majority vote approve a fine or suspension the same may not be 

imposed. The written notice of violation shall be in writing to the Owner, tenant, guest or 

invitee and detail the infraction or infractions. Included in the notice shall be the date and 

68 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 70 of 139 
†
9774 G2693 

OR BK 

time of the hearing of the Compliance Committee. If the Association imposes a fine or 

suspension, the Association must provide written notice of such suspension by mail or hand 

delivery to the Owner or Lessee. The notice and hearing requirements under this Section 

20.6.2 do not apply to suspensions imposed due to an Owner's failure to pay monetary 

obligations due to the Association; however, any such suspension must be approved at a 

properly noticed meeting of the Association's Board of Directors. 

20.6.3 The non-compliance shall be presented to the Compliance Committee 

acting as a tribunal, after which the Compliance Committee shall hear reasons why a fine 

or suspension should not be imposed. The hearing shall be conducted in accordance with 

the procedures adopted by the Compliance Committee from time to time. A written 

decision of the Compliance Committee shall be submitted to the Owner, tenant, guest or 

invitee, as applicable, by not later than twenty-one (21) days after the meeting of the 

Compliance Committee. The Owner, tenant, guest or invitee shall have a right to be 

represented by counsel and to cross-examine witnesses. 

20.6.4 The Compliance Committee may impose a fine against the Owner in the 

amount of One Hundred and no/ 100 Dollars ($100.00) (or any greater amount permitted 

by law from time to time) for each violation. Each day of noncompliance shall be treated 

as a separate violation and there is no cap on the aggregate amount the Compliance 

Committee may fine an Owner, tenant, guest or invitee. Fines shall be paid not later than 

five (5) days after notice of the imposition of the fine. All monies received from fines shall 

be allocated as directed by the Board of Directors. Any fine in excess of One Thousand 

Dollars ($ I ,000.00) shall constitute a lien against the applicable Lot, and a fine shall further 

be lienable to the extent otherwise permitted under Florida law. 

20.6.5 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Compliance Committee may not 

suspend the right of any Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member, guest or invitee to use 

those portions of the Common Areas used to provide access or utility services to any Lot 

or Home or impose a suspension which impairs the right of any Owner, Lessee or 

Immediate Family Member to have vehicular and pedestrian ingress to and egress from 

their Lot or Home, including, but not limited to, the right to park vehicles as permitted in 

this Declaration. 

Additional Rights of Declarant. 

21. 

21.1 Sales and Administrative Offices. Declarant shall have the perpetual right to take 

such action reasonably necessary to transact any business necessary to consummate the 

development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and sales and re-sales of Lots, Homes and/01' other 

properties owned by Declarant or others outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. This right shall include, 

but not be limited to, the right to maintain models, sales offices and parking associated therewith, 

have signs on any portion ofDEL WEBB BEXLEY, including Common Areas and CDD Facilities, 

as applicable, employees in the models and offices without the payment of rent or any other fee, 

maintain offices in models and use of the Common Areas and CDD Facilities, as applicable, to 

show Lots or Elomes. The sales office and signs and all items pertaining to development and sales 

remain the property of Declarant. Declarant shall have all of the foregoing rights without charge 

or expense. The rights reserved hereunder shall extend beyond the Turnover Date. 

69 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 71 of 139 
†
9774 G2694 

OR BK 

21.2 Modification. The development and marketing of DEL WEBB BEXLEY will 

continue as deemed appropriate in Declarant's sole discretion, and nothing in this Declaration or 

Architectural Guidelines, or otherwise, shall be construed to limit or restrict such development and 

marketing. It may be necessary or convenient for the development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY to, 

as an example and not a limitation, amend the Master Plan, modify the boundary lines of the 

Common Areas, grant easements, dedications, agreements, licenses, restrictions, reservations, 

covenants, rights-of-way, and to take such other actions which Declarant, or its agents, affiliates, 

or assignees may deem necessary or appropriate. Association and Owners shall, at the request of 

Declarant, execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments which Declarant deems 

necessary or convenient, in its sole and absolute discretion, to accomplish the same. 

21.3 Promotional Events. Prior to the Community Completion Date, Declarant shall 

have the right, at any time, to hold marketing, special and/or promotional events within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY and/or on the Common Areas without any charge for use. Declarant, its agents, 

affiliates, or assignees shall have the right to market DEL WEBB BEXLEY in advertisements and 

other media by making reference to DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including, but not limited to, pictures 

or drawings of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, Common Areas, Parcels and Homes constructed in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. All logos, trademarks, and designs used in connection with DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY are the property of Declarant, and Association shall have no right to use the same after 

the Community Completion Date except with the express written permission of Declarant. 

21.4 Use by Prospective Purchasers. Prior to the Community Completion Date, 

Declarant shall have the right, without charge, to use the Common Areas, including the 

Recreational Facilities, for the purpose of entertaining prospective purchasers of Lots, Homes, or 

other properties owned by Declarant outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

21.5 Franchises. Declarant may grant franchises or concessions to commercial concerns 

on all or part of the Common Areas and shall be entitled to all income derived therefrom. 

21.6 Management. The Declarant may contract with a third party ("Manager") for 

management of the Association and the Common Areas. 

21.7 Easements. Until the Community Completion Date, Declarant reserves the right to 

grant, in its sole discretion, easements, permits and/or licenses for ingress and egress, drainage, 

utilities, maintenance, Telecommunications Services and other purposes over, under, upon and 

across DEL WEBB BEXLEY so long as any said easements do not materially and adversely 

interfere with the intended use of Homes previously conveyed to Owners. By way of example, 

and not of limitation, Declarant may be required to take certain action, or make additions or 

modifications to the Common Areas in connection with an environmental program. All easements 

necessary for such purposes are reserved in favor of Declarant, in perpetuity, for such purposes. 

Without limiting the foregoing, Declarant may relocate any easement affecting a Lot, or grant new 

easements over a Lot, after conveyance to an Owner, without the joinder or consent of such Owner, 

as applicable, so long as the grant of easement or relocation of easement does not materially and 

adversely affect the Owner's use of the Lot. As an illustration, Declarant may grant an easement 

for telecommunications systems, irrigation, drainage lines or electrical lines over any portion of a 

Lot so long as such easement is outside the footprint of the foundation of any residential 

improvement constructed on such Lot. Declarant shall have the sole right to any fees of any nature 

70 

003881 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 72 of 139 
†
9774 G2695 

OR BK 

associated therewith, including, but not limited to, license or similar fees on account thereof. The 

Association and Owners will, without charge, if requested by Declarant: (i) join in the creation of 

such easements, etc. and cooperate in the operation thereof; and (ii) collect and remit fees 

associated therewith, if any, to the appropriate party. The Association will not grant any easements, 

permits or licenses to any other entity providing the same services as those granted by Declarant, 

nor will it grant any such easement, permit or license prior to the Community Completion Date 

without the prior written consent of Declarant which may be granted or denied in Declarant's 

discretion. 

21.8 Right to Enforce. Declarant has the right, but not the obligation, to enforce the 

provisions of this Declaration and the Architectural Guidelines and to recover all costs relating 

thereto, including attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees and cost at all levels of proceeding, 

including before trial, in mediation, arbitration and other alternative dispute, resolution 

proceedings, at all trial levels and appeals, collections and bankruptcy. Such right shall include 

the right to perform the obligations of the Association and to recover all costs incurred in doing 

so. 

21.9 Additional Development. Subject to Section 28 below, if Declarant withdraws 

portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY from the operation of this Declaration, then Declarant may, but 

is not required to, subject to governmental approvals, create other forms of residential property 

ownership or other improvements of any nature on the property not subjected to or withdrawn 

from the operation of this Declaration. Declarant shall not be liable or responsible to any person 

or entity on account of its decision to do so or to provide, or fail to provide, the amenities and/or 

facilities which were originally planned to be included in such areas. If so designated by Declarant, 

owners or tenants of such other forms of housing or improvements upon their creation may share 

in the use of all or some of the Common Areas and other facilities and/or roadways that remain 

subject to this Declaration. The expense of the operation of such facilities shall be allocated to the 

various users thereof, if at all, as determined by Declarant. 

21.10 Representations. Declarant makes no representations concerning development 

both within and outside the boundaries of DEL WEBB BEXLEY including, but not limited to, the 

number, design, boundaries, configuration and arrangements, prices of all Parcels or Homes and 

buildings in all other proposed forms of ownership and/or other improvements on DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY or adjacent to or near DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including, but not limited to, the size, 

location, configuration, elevations, design, building materials, height, view, airspace, number of 

homes, number of buildings, location of easements, parking and landscaped areas, services and 

amenities offered regarding the Common Areas and Recreational Facilities. 

21.11 Access/Entrance/Exit Gates O en Durin Da time Hours. Until the Community 

Completion Date, Declarant reserve a right and easement for access over and through the streets, 

private roadways, and sidewalks of DEL WEBB BEXLEY for ingress and egress for Declarant's 

employees, agents, contractors, subconti'actors, deliverymen, vendors, customers and invitees. At 

Declarant's sole option, until the Community Completion Date, all entrance or exit gates limiting 

access to DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be open every day, including weekends and holidays, during 

hours to be established by Declarant from time to time (the "Declarant Operating Hours"). 

71 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 73 of 139 
†
9774 G2696 

OR BK 

21.12 NeuzLjabjlj-ty. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN 

THE GOVERNING DOCUMENTS, THE DECLARANT, THE ASSOCIATION AND THE 

INDEMNIFIED PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR, OR IN ANY 

MANNER A GUARANTOR OR INSURER OF, THE HEALTH, SAFETY OR WELFARE OF 

ANY OWNER, OCCUPANT OR USER OF ANY PORTION OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, RESIDENTS AND THEIR FAMILIES, GUESTS, 

LESSEES, LICENSEES, INVITEES, AGENTS, SERVANTS, CONTRACTORS, AND/OR 

SUBCONTRACTORS OR FOR ANY PROPERTY OF ANY SUCH WITHOUT LIMITING THE 

GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING: 

Page 74 of 139 

21.12.1 

IT IS THE EXPRESS INTENT OF GOVERNING DOCUMENTS 

THAT THE VARIOUS PROVISIONS THEREOF WHICH ARE ENFORCEABLE BY 

ASSOCIATION AND WHICH GOVERN OR REGULATE THE USES OF DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY HAVE BEEN WRITTEN, AND ARE TO BE INTERPRETED AND 

ENFORCED, FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF ENHANCING AND MAINTAINING 

THE ENJOYMENT OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY AND THE VALUE THEREOF: 

21.12.2 

ASSOCIATION IS NOT EMPOWERED, AND HAS NOT BEEN 

CREATED, TO ACT AS AN AGENCY WHICH ENFORCES OR ENSURES THE 

COMPLIANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA AND/OR THE 

COUNTY OR PREVENTS TORTIOUS ACTIVITIES; 

21.12.3 

THE PROVISIONS OF GOVERNING DOCUMENTS SETTING 

FORTH THE USES OF ASSESSMENTS SHALL BE APPLIED ONLY AS 

LIMITATIONS ON THE USES OF ASSESSMENT FUNDS AND NOT AS CREATING 

A DUTY OF THE ASSOCIATION TO PROTECT OR FURTHER THE HEALTH, 

SAFETY, OR WELFARE OF ANY PERSON(S), EVEN IF ASSESSMENT FUNDS ARE 

CHOSEN TO BE USED FOR ANY SUCH REASON; AND 

21.12.4 

EACH OWNER (BY VIRTUE Of ITS ACCEPTANCE OF TITLE 

TO A HOME) AND EACH OTHER PERSON HAVING AN INTEREST IN OR LIEN 

UPON, OR MAKING A USE OF, ANY PORTION OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY (BY 

VIRTUE OF ACCEPTING SUCH INTEREST OR LIEN OR MAKING SUCH USE) 

SHALL BE BOUND BY THIS SECTION AND SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 

AUTOMATICALLY WAIVED ANY AND ALL RIGHTS, CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND 

CAUSES OF ACTION AGAINST ASSOCIATION, DECLARANT AND INDEMNIFIED 

PARTIES ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED WITH ANY MArrrrER FOR WHICH 

THE LIABILITY OF THE ASSOCIATION, DECLARANT AND INDEMNIFIED 

PARTIES HAS BEEN DISCLAIMED IN THIS SECTION OR OTHERWISE. 

21.13 Resolution of Disputes. BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED, EACH OWNER 

AGREES THAT THE GOVERNING DOCUMENTS ARE VERY COMPLEX; THEREFORE, 

ANY CLAIM, DEMAND ACTION, OR CAUSE OF ACTION, WITH RESPECT TO ANY 

ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM COUNTERCLAIM, OR CROSS CLAIM, WHETHER IN 

CONTRACT AND/OR IN TORT (REGARDLESS IF THE TORT ACTION IS PRESENTLY 

RECOGNIZED OR NOT), BASED ON, ARISING OUT OF IN CONNECTION WITH OR IN 

ANY WAY RELATED TO GOVERNING DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING ANY COURSE OF 

72 

003881 74366\343 1786.v7 
†
9774 G2697 

OR BK 

CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, VERBAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENT, VALIDATION 

PROTECTION, ENFORCEMENT ACTION OR OMISSION OF ANY PARTY SHOULD BE 

HEARD IN A COURT PROCEEDING BY A JUDGE AND NOT A JURY IN ORDER TO BEST 

SERVE JUSTICE. DECLARANT HEREBY SUGGESTS THAT EACH OWNER 

UNDERSTAND THE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES OF ACCEPTING A DEED TO A HOME. 

21.14 Venue. EACH OWNER ACKNOWLEDGES REGARDLESS OF WHERE SUCH 

OWNER (i) EXECUTED A PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT, (ii) RESIDES, (iii) 

OBTAINS FINANCING OR (iv) CLOSED ON A HOME, EACH HOME IS LOCATED IN 

PASCO COUNTY, FLORIDA. ACCORDINGLY, AN IRREBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION 

EXISTS THAT THE APPROPRIATE VENUE FOR THE RESOLUTION OF ANY DISPUTE 

LIES IN PASCO COUNTY, FLORIDA. IN ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, EACH OWNER 

AND DECLARANT AGREES THAT THE VENUE FOR RESOLUTION OF ANY DISPUTE 

LIES IN PASCO COUNTY, FLORIDA. 

21.15 Reliance. BEFORE ACCEPTING A DEED TO A HOME, EACH OWNER HAS 

AN OPPORTUNITY TO RETAIN AN ATTORNEY IN ORDER TO CONFIRM THE VALIDITY 

OF THIS DECLARATION. BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO A HOME, EACH OWNER 

ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE OR SHE HAS SOUGHT AND RECEIVED SUCH AN OPINION 

OR HAS MADE AN AFFIRMATIVE DECISION NOT TO SEEK SUCH AN OPINION. 

DECLARANT IS RELYING ON EACH OWNER CONFIRMING IN ADVANCE OF 

ACQUIRING A HOME THAT THIS DECLARATION IS VALID, FAIR AND ENFORCEABLE, 

SUCH RELIANCE IS DETRIMENTAL TO DECLARANT AND ACCORDINGLY, AN 

ESTOPPEL AND WAIVER EXISTS PROHIBITING EACH OWNER FROM TAKING THE 

POSITION THAT ANY PROVISION OF THIS DECLARATION IS INVALID IN ANY 

RESPECT. AS A FURTHER MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR DECLARANT TO SUBJECT 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY TO THIS DECLARATION AND/OR SELL A LOT OR HOME TO SUCH 

OWNER, EACH OWNER, BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED WITH RESPECT TO THEIR LOT 

OR HOME, SHALL BE DEEMED TO RELEASE, WAIVE, DISCHARGE, COVENANT NOT 

TO SUE, ACQUIT, SATISFY AND FOREVER DISCHARGE DECLARANT AND THE 

DECLARANT INDEMNIFIED PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY, CLAIMS, 

COUNTERCLAIMS, DEFENSES, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, SUITS, 

CONTROVERSIES, AGREEMENTS, PROMISES AND DEMANDS WHATSOEVER IN LAW 

OR IN EQUITY WHICH AN OWNER MAY HAVE IN THE FUTURE, OR WHICH ANY 

PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE, SUCCESSOR, HEIR OR ASSIGN OF OWNER 

HEREAFTER CAN, SHALL OR MAY HAVE AGAINST DECLARANT AND THE 

DECLARANT INDEMNIFIED PARTIES, FOR, UPON OR BY REASON OF ANY MATTER, 

CAUSE OR THING WHATSOEVER RESPECTING THIS DECLARATION, OR THE 

EXHIBITS HERETO. THIS RELEASE AND WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE AS BROAD 

AND INCLUSIVE AS PERMITTED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA. 

21.16 Duration of Rights. The rights of Declarant sets forth in this Declaration shall, 

unless specifically provided to the contrary herein, extend for a period of time ending upon the 

earlier of: (i) the Community Completion Date or (ii) a relinquishment by Declarant in an 

amendment to the Declaration recorded in the Public Records. 

73 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 75 of 139 
†
9774 G2698 

OR BK 

21.17 Additional Covenants. The Declarant may record additional covenants, conditions, 

restrictions, and easements applicable to portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and may form 

condominium associations, sub-associations, or cooperatives governing such property. Any such 

instrument shall be consistent with the provisions of Section 4, and no person or entity shall record 

any declaration of covenants, conditions and restrictions, or declaration of condominium or similar 

instrument affecting any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY without Declarant's prior review and 

prior written consent. Evidence of Declarant's prior written consent shall be obtained in the form 

of a joinder executed by the Declarant. Any attempted recordation without such consent shall 

result in such instrument being void and of no force and effect unless subsequently approved by 

written consent signed by the Declarant and recorded in the Public Records. 

21.18 Right to Approve Sales Materials. Prior to the Community Completion Date, all 

sales, promotional, and advertising materials for any sale of property in DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

may be subject to the prior written approval of Declarant. Declarant shall deliver notice of 

Declarant's approval or disapproval of all such materials and documents within thirty (30) days of 

receipt of such materials and documents, and, if disapproved, set forth the specific changes 

requested. If Declarant fails to do so within such thirty (30) day period, Declarant shall be deemed 

to have waived any objections to such materials and documents and to have approved the 

foregoing. Upon disapproval, the foregoing procedure shall be repeated until approval is obtained 

or deemed to be obtained. 

21.19 Use Name of Bexley, DEL WEBB BEXLEY and Del Webb Marks. No person or 

entity shall use the name "DEL WEBB BEXLEY," its logo, or any derivative of such name or logo 

in any printed or promotional material without the Declarant's prior written approval. Until the 

Turnover Date, the Declarant shall have the sole right to approve the use of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

name and logo, and such right shall automatically pass to the Association after the Turnover Date. 

However, Owners may use the name DEL WEBB BEXLEY in printed or promotional matter 

where such term is used solely to specify that particular property is located within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY. Del Webb Corporation is an affiliate of Declarant. Any use by the Association of names, 

marks, or symbols of Del Webb Corporation or any of its affiliates (collectively "Del Webb 

Marks") shall inure to the benefit of Del Webb Corporation and shall be subject to Del Webb 

Corporation's periodic review for quality control. The Association shall enter into license 

agreements with Del Webb Corporation, terminable with or without cause and in a form specified 

by Del Webb Corporation in its sole discretion, with respect to permissive use of certain Del Webb 

Marks. The Association shall not use any Del Webb Mark without Del Webb Corporation's prior 

written consent. 

The name "BEXLEY," along with all logos associated with such name, are the proprietary 

trade names and/or service marks of the Founder or its affiliates. No person or entity, including 

Declarant, shall use the name "Bexley," or any associated logo or depiction, for advertising or any 

other purpose in any promotional material, whether printed, audio, video, or otherwise, in any 

signage, on any Internet website, or in any logo or depictions, without the prior written consent of 

the Founder or the owner of such mark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 

Declaration, Founder, or the owner of such "Bexley" trade names and services marks, shall not be 

deemed to consent to the use of trade naines and/or service marks, or in any way to waive its rights 

thereto, by failure to consent or withhold consent in writing within any time required by this 

Declaration for Founder's consent. The Founder, or the mark or trademark owner may condition 

74 

Page 76 of 139 
†
9774 G2699 

OR BK 

the use of protected nanles or marks upon the signing of one or more license agreement(s), which 

are intended to protect the tradenames and service marks from unauthorized use by others. Such 

license agreement(s) shall be non-exclusive, non-transferable, and in form and substance 

acceptable to the owner of the mark. Subject to such licensing agreements, the Association may 

use the word "Bexley" in its naine. Other use by the Association, any Owner or the Declarant, is 

subject to the restrictions imposed in this section or otherwise imposed by Founder. 

21.20 Density Transfers. If any party shall develop any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

so that the number of Lots contained in such portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is less than the 

allowable number of Lots allocated by governmental authorities to that particular Parcel, the 

excess allowable Lots not used by the such party (with respect to that Parcel) shall inure to the 

benefit of Declarant. 

21.21 Equal Treatment. So long as Declarant owns any property described in Exhibit "1" 

or "5", neither the Association nor any other entity shall, without the prior written consent of 

Declarant, adopt any policy, rule, or procedure that: 

limits the access of Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or 

21.21.1 

affiliates or their personnel and/or guests, including visitors, to the Common Areas of the 

Association or to any property owned by any of them; 

limits or prevents Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or affiliates 

21.21.2 

or their personnel from advertising, marketing, or using the Association or its Common 

Areas or any property owned by any of them in promotional materials; 

limits or prevents purchasers of new Homes constructed by 

21.21.3 

Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or affiliates in DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including 

purchasers qualifying under Section 16.2) from becoming members of the Association or 

enjoying full use of its Common Areas subject to the membership provisions of this 

Declaration and the Bylaws; 

impacts the ability of Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or 

21.21.4 

affiliates, to carry out to completion its development plans and related construction 

activities for DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as such plans are expressed in the Master Plan, as 

such may be amended and updated from time to time. Policies, rules, or procedures 

affecting the provisions of existing easements established by Declarant and limiting the 

establishment by Declarant of easements necessary to complete DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

shall be expressly included in this provision. Easements that may be established by 

Declarant shall include but shall not be limited to easements for development, construction 

and landscaping activities, access, drainage and utilities; or 

impacts the ability of Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or 

21.21.5 

affiliates to develop and conduct customer service progl'alns and activities with respect to 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY in a customary and reasonable manner. 

The Association shall not exercise its authority over the Common Areas (including, but not 

limited to, any gated entrances and other means of access to DEL WEBB BEXLEY or the 

Additional Property) in a manner that interferes with the rights of Declarant set forth in this 

75 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 77 of 139 
†
9774 G2700 

OR BK 

Declaration or to impede access to any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY or the Additional Property 

over the streets and other Common Areas within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The Association shall not 

condone, encourage it members or participate in public assembly for the purpose of interfering 

with Declarant's business within DEL WEBB BEXLEY or engage in any activity that presents a 

public health or safety risk. 

21.22 Vacation Getaways. Declarant may, in its discretion, construct residential 

improvements and contract with third party providers for temporary occupancy in or adjacent to 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and designate such improvements as within Declarants vacation program 

(the "Vacation Getaways"). Such Vacation Getaway units located outside of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY shall not be Lots, and their owners shall not be Members of the Association. Vacation 

Getaway units shall have access to the Common Area and Recreational Facilities, including the 

Community Amenity, in consideration of the payment of reasonable use fees as provided by an 

arrangement negotiated between Declarant and Association prior to the commencement of such 

program. 

Owners of Vacation Getaway Homes located within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be 

Members of the Association. Declarant may transfer or lease Vacation Getaway Homes and make 

Vacation Getaway Homes available for use by guests. Occupants of the Vacation Getaway Homes 

and units, whether located within or outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, shall have a non-exclusive 

easement for use, access and enjoyment in and to the Common Area, including but not limited to 

any Recreational Facilities and the Community Amenity. The Board shall assign Activity Cards 

or use privilege cards to Declarant on behalf of all owners of Vacation Getaway Homes located in 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY or Vacation Getaway units located outside DEL WEBB BEXLEY for the 

purpose of exercising such easement. Vacation Getaway Homes shall remain Vacation Getaway 

Homes until Declarant otherwise provides in written notice to the owner of such Vacation Getaway 

Home and to the Association. 

22. Refund of Taxes and Other Charges. Unless otherwise provided herein, Association agrees 

that any taxes, fees or other charges paid by Declarant to any governmental authority, utility 

company or any other entity which at a later date are refunded in whole or in part, shall be returned 

to Declarant in the event such refund is received by the Association. 

23. Assignment of Powers. Subject to Founder's prior written consent, all or any part of the 

rights, exemptions and powers and reservations of Declarant, as the case may be, herein contained 

may be conveyed or assigned in whole or part to other persons or entities by an instrument in 

writing duly executed, acknowledged and recorded in the Public Records. 

24. General Provisions. 

24.1 Authority of Board. Except when a vote of the membership of the Association is 

specifically required, all decisions, duties, and obligations of the Association hereunder may be 

made by the Board. The Association and Owners shall be bound thereby. 

Invalidation of any of the provisions of this Declaration by judgment 

24.2 Severabilit 

or court order shall in no way affect any other provision, and the remainder of this Declaration 

shall remain in full force and effect. 

76 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 78 of 139 
†
9774 G2701 

OR BK 

24.3 Execution of Documents. Declarant's plan of development for the Property 

including, without limitation, the creation of one (l) or more special taxing districts may 

necessitate from time to time the execution of certain documents as required by governmental 

agencies. To the extent that said documents require the joinder of Owners, Declarant, by its duly 

authorized officers, may, as the agent or the attorney-in-fact for the Owners, execute, acknowledge 

and deliver such documents (including, without limitation, any consents or other documents 

required by any governmental agencies in connection with the creation of any special taxing 

district); and the Owners, by virtue of their acceptance of deeds, irrevocably nominate, constitute 

and appoint Declarant, through its duly authorized officers, as their proper and legal attorneys-in- 

fact, for such purpose. Said appointment is coupled with an interest and is therefore irrevocable. 

Any such documents executed pursuant to this Section may recite that it is made pursuant to this 

Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Owner agrees, by its acceptance of a deed to a Lot 

or any other portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, to execute or otherwise join in any petition and/or 

other documents required in connection with the creation of any special taxing district relating to 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion(s) thereof. 

24.4 Affirmative Obligation of the Association. In the event that Association believes 

that Declarant has failed in any respect to meet Declarant's obligations under this Declaration or 

has failed to comply with any of Declarant's obligations under law or the Common Areas are 

defective in any respect, Association shall give written notice to Declarant detailing the alleged 

failure or defect. Association agrees that once Association has given written notice to Declarant 

pursuant to this Section, Association shall be obligated to permit Declarant and its agents to 

perform inspections of the Common Areas and to perform all tests and make all 

repairs/replacements deemed necessary by Declarant to respond to such notice at all reasonable 

times. Association agrees that any inspection, test and/or repair/replacement scheduled on a 

business day between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. shall be deemed scheduled at a reasonable time. The rights 

reserved in this Section include the right of Declarant to repair or address, in Declarant's sole 

option and expense, any aspect of the Common Areas deemed defective by Declarant during its 

inspections of the Common Areas. Association's failure to give the notice and/or otherwise 

comply with the provisions of this Section will damage Declarant. 

24.5 Notices. Any notice required to be sent to any person, firm, or entity under the 

provisions of this Declaration shall be deemed to have been properly sent when mailed, postpaid, 

to the last known address at the time of such mailing. 

24.6 Florida Statutes. Whenever this Declaration refers to the Florida Statutes, it shall 

be deemed to refer to the Florida Statutes as they exist on the date this Declaration is recorded 

except to the extent provided otherwise as to any particular provision of the Florida Statutes. 

24.7 Construction Activities. ALL OWNERS, OCCUPANTS AND USERS OF DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY ARE HEREBY PLACED ON NOTICE THAT (l) DECLARANT, THE CDD 

AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, SUBCONTRACTORS, 

LICENSEES AND OTHER DESIGNEES AND/OR (2) ANY OTHER PARTIES WILL BE, 

FROM TIME TO TIME, CONDUCTING CONSTRUCTION ACTIVITIES, EXCAVATION, 

CONSTRUCTION AND OTHER ACTIVITIES WITHIN OR IN PROXIMITY TO DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, WHICH MAY CAUSE NOISE, DUST OR OTHER TEMPORARY DISTURBANCE. 

BY THE ACCEPTANCE OF THEIR DEED OR OTHER CONVEYANCE OR MORTGAGE, 

77 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 79 of 139 
†
9774 G2702 

OR BK 

LEASEHOLD, LICENSE OR OTHER INTEREST, AND BY USING ANY PORTION OF DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY, EACH SUCH OWNER, OCCUPANT AND USER AUTOMATICALLY 

ACKNOWLEDGES, STIPULATES AND AGREES (i) THAT NONE OF THE AFORESAID 

ACTIVITIES SHALL BE DEEMED NUISANCES OR NOXIOUS OR OFFENSIVE 

ACTIVITIES, HEREUNDER OR AT LAW GENERALLY, (ii) NOT TO ENTER UPON, OR 

ALLOW THEIR CHILDREN OR OTHER PERSONS UNDER THEIR CONTROL OR 

DIRECTION TO ENTER UPON (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH ENTRY IS A 

TRESPASS OR OTHERWISE) ANY PROPERTY WITHIN OR IN PROXIMITY TO DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY WHERE SUCH ACTIVITY IS BEING CONDUCTED (EVEN IF NOT BEING 

ACTIVELY CONDUCTED AT THE TIME OF ENTRY, SUCH AS AT NIGHT OR OTHERWISE 

DURING NON-WORKING HOURS), (iii) DECLARANT AND THE OTHER AFORESAID 

RELATED PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES 

(COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE), INJURIES OR 

DEATHS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE AFORESAID ACTIVITIES, EXCEPT 

RESULTING DIRECTLY FROM DECLARANT'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL 

MISCONDUCT, AND (iv) ANY PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY PORTION OF DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY HAS BEEN AND WILL BE MADE WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE OF THE 

FOREGOING. 

24.8 Title Documents. Each Owner by acceptance of a deed to a Lot acknowledges that 

such Lot is subject to certain land use and title documents recorded in the Public Records or issued 

by the County (collectively, the "Title Documents"). Declarant's plan of development for DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY may necessitate from time to time the further amendment, modification and/or 

termination of the Title Documents. DECLARANT RESERVES THE UNCONDITIONAL 

RIGHT TO SEEK AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS OF THE TITLE DOCUMENTS. 

It is possible that a governmental subdivision or agency may require the execution of one or more 

documents in connection with an amendment, modification, and/or termination of the Title 

Documents. To the extent that such documents require the joinder of Owners, Declarant, by any 

one of its duly authorized officers, may, as the agent and/or the attorney-in-fact for the Owners, 

execute, acknowledge and deliver any documents required by applicable governmental 

subdivision or agency; and the Owners, by virtue of their acceptance of deeds, irrevocably 

nominate, constitute and appoint Declarant, through any one of its duly authorized officers, as their 

proper and legal attorney-in-fact for such purpose. This appointment is coupled with an interest 

and is therefore irrevocable. Any such documents executed pursuant to this Section may recite 

that it is made pursuant to this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Owner agrees, by its 

acceptance of a deed to a Lot: (i) to execute or otherwise join in any documents required in 

connection with the amendment, modification, or termination of the Title Documents; and (ii) that 

such Owner has waived its right to object to or comment on the form or substance of any 

amendment, modification, or termination of the Title Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, 

upon the Community Completion Date, Association shall assume all of the obligations of 

Declai'ant under the Title Documents unless otherwise provided by Declarant by anlendment to 

this Declaration recorded by Declarant in the Public Records, from time to time, and in the sole 

and absolute discretion of Declarant. 

24.9 Right to Contract for Telecommunications Services. Association shall have the 

right, but not the obligation, to enter into one or more contracts for the provision of one or more 

Telecommunications Services for all or any part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Prior to the Community 

78 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 80 of 139 
†
9774 G2703 

OR BK 

Completion Date, all contracts between a Telecommunications Provider and the Association shall 

be subject to the prior written approval of Declarant. If any such contract is established, the fees 

for the Telecommunications Services payable to the Telecommunications Provider shall be 

Operating Expenses and shall be included within the annual budget of the Association. 

Surface Water Management System. 

25. 

25.1 Surface Water Management System. The CDD shall be responsible for the 

operation and maintenance of the S W MS, ditches, canals, lakes, and wet and dry retention and 

detention areas in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Operation and maintenance and any required 

reinspection of the S W MS shall be performed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 

Permit. All SWMS within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, excluding those areas (if any) normally 

maintained by the County or another governmental agency, will be the ultimate responsibility of 

the CDD, whose agents, employees, contractors and subcontractors may enter any portion of the 

Lots or Common Areas and make whatever alterations, improvements or repairs that are deemed 

necessary to provide or restore property water management. Notwithstanding the CDD's ultimate 

responsibility for the maintenance of S W MS, the Association shall have the right to enforce the 

provisions of this Section 25 to the extent the CDD does not take enforcement action. 

25.1.1 Except as permitted by the Permit no construction activities may be 

conducted relative to any portion of the S W MS without the prior consent of the 

SWF WMD. Prohibited activities include, but are not limited to: digging or excavation; 

depositing fill, debris or any other material or item; constructing or altering any water 

control structure; or any other construction to modify the S W MS. To the extent there exists 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY a wetland mitigation area or a wet detention pond, no 

vegetation in these areas shall be removed, cut, trimmed or sprayed with herbicide without 

specific written approval from SWF WMD. Construction and maintenance activities which 

are consistent with the design and permit conditions approved by SWF WMD in the Permit 

may be conducted without specific written approval from SWF WMD. 

25.1.2 No Owner or other person or entity shall unreasonably deny or prevent 

access to water management areas for maintenance, repair, or landscaping purposes by 

Declarant, the CDD, the Association or any appropriate governmental agency that may 

reasonably require access. Nonexclusive easements therefor are hereby specifically 

reserved and created. 

25.1.3 No Lot, Parcel or Common Area shall be increased in size by filling in any 

lake, pond or other water retention, or drainage areas which it abuts. No person shall fill, 

dike, rip-rap, block, divert or change the established water retention and drainage areas that 

have been or may be created without the prior written consent of the CDD and the 

Association. No person other than the Declarant, the CDD or the Association may draw 

water for irrigation or other purposes from any lake, pond or other water management area, 

nor is any boating, swimming, or wading in such areas allowed. 

25.1.4 The maintenance of all S W MS and conservation areas, excluding those 

areas (if any) maintained by the County or another governmental agency, will be the 

ultimate responsibility of the CDD. FEhe CDD may enter any Lot, Parcel, Tract or Common 

79 

003881 1 \ 174366\3431786.v7 

Page 81 of 139 
†
9774 G2704 

OR BK 

Area and make whatever alterations, improvements or repairs are deemed necessary to 

provide, maintain, 014 restore proper SWMS. NO PERSON MAY REMOVE NATIVE 

VEGETATION THAT MAY BECOME ESTABLISHED WITHIN THE 

CONSERVATION AREAS. "REMOVAL" INCLUDES DREDGING, APPLICATION 

OF HERBICIDE, PULLING AND CUTTING. 

25.1.5 Nothing in this Section shall be construed to allow any person to construct 

any new water management facility, or to alter any S W MS or conservation areas, without 

first obtaining the necessary permits from all governmental agencies having jurisdiction, 

including SWF WMD, the County, the CDD, the Association and the Declarant. 

25.1.6 SWF WMD has the right to take enforcement measures, including a civil 

action for injunction and/or penalties, against the CDD and the Association to compel it to 

correct any outstanding problems with the S W MS. 

25.1.7 Any amendment of the Declaration affecting the S W MS or the operation 

and maintenance of the S W MS and any proposed conveyance or abandonment of any 

Common Areas containing or affecting the SWMS shall have the prior written approval of 

SWFWMD and the County. 

25.1.8 No Owner may construct or maintain any building, residence or structure, 

or undertake or perform any activity in the wetlands, wetland mitigation areas, buffer areas, 

upland conservation areas and drainage easements described in the Permit and Plat of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY, unless prior approval is received from the SWFWMD. 

25.1.9 Each Owner within DEL WEBB BEXLEY at the time of the construction 

of a building, residence, or structure shall comply with the construction plans for the 

SWMS approved and on file with SWFWMD. 

25.1.10 Owners shall not remove native vegetation (including cattails) that 

becomes established within the wet detention ponds abutting their property. Removal 

includes dredging, the application of herbicide, cutting, and the introduction of grass carp. 

Owners shall address any questions regarding authorized activities within the wet detention 

ponds to SWFWMD. 

25.1.11 No Owner shall conduct any construction, clearing, grading or 

landscaping within any drainage easement or otherwise improve or alter the character of 

any drainage easelnent. 

25.2 Proviso. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Declaration, no amendment 

of the Governing Documents by any person, and no termination or amendment of this Declaration, 

will be effective to change the CDD's responsibilities for the S W MS, unless the amendment has 

been consented to in writing by SWF WMD. Any proposed amendment which would affect the 

SWMS or any conservation areas must be submitted to SWF WMD for a determination of whether 

the amendment necessitates a modification of the Permit. Any amendment affecting the S W MS 

will not be finalized until any necessary modification of the Permit is approved by SWF WMD or 

the Association is advised that a modification is not necessary. 

80 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 82 of 139 
†
9774 G2705 

OR BK 

25.3 Provision for Budget Expense. In the event DEL WEBB BEXLEY has on site 

wetland mitigation (as defined in the regulations) that requires monitoring and maintenance, the 

CDD shall include in its budget an appropriate allocation of funds for monitoring and maintenance 

of the wetland mitigation area(s) each year until SWF WMD determines that the area(s) is 

successful in accordance with the Permit. 

25.4 Association Performance of CDD Obligations Regarding SWMS. In the event the 

CDD fails to operate and maintain the SWMS in accordance with the requirements of SWF WMD, 

the Permit and this Declaration, the Association may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions 

as are necessary to comply with such requirements and the cost of same shall be an Operating 

Expense. 

26. Additional Disclosures and Restrictions. 

26.1 Street Lighting Agreement. The Association may enter into an agreement to 

provide street lighting throughout DEL WEBB BEXLEY with a utility provider or company on 

such terms as are acceptable to the Association in its sole discretion (the "Street Lighting 

Agreement"). The cost ofproviding street lighting to DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to the Street 

Lighting Agreement shall be an Operating Expense of the Association. 

26.2 Wild Animals. DEL WEBB BEXLEY is located adjacent or nearby to certain 

undeveloped areas which may contain various species of wild creatures (including, but not limited 

to, alligators, bears, panthers, raccoons, coyotes and foxes), which may from time to time stray 

onto DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and which may otherwise pose a nuisance or hazard, all risks 

associated with which each Owner accepts by their purchase of a Lot, Owners shall not feed wild 

creatures of any kind nor otherwise engage in conduct that attracts wild creatures onto any portion 

of the Property. Conduct that may attract wild creatures onto DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and that may 

be restricted or regulated by the Association, includes, but is not necessarily limited to: (i) leaving 

food waste in containers or areas that are accessible by wild creatures, or allowing wild creatures 

to access food waste, pet food, BBQ grills, refrigerators or freezers in garages or on porches or 

patios; (ii) not picking fruit (including vegetables and berries) when they are ripe but allowing 

them to fall and remain on the ground; (iii) keeping bees; (iv) not keeping garage doors closed in 

accordance with Section 12.16 hereof; and (v) leaving trash containers outside overnight for next 

day pick-up by trash haulers, in lieu of putting them out in the morning of the day of pick-up. The 

Association, by and through the Board shall have the right to promulgate Rules and Regulations 

which regulate or restrict these activities or any other activities which, in the sole determination of 

the Board, attract wild creatures onto DEL WEBB BEXLEY. For purposes of illustration and not 

limitation of the foregoing sentence, the Board may promulgate Association Rules and Regulations 

mandating that Owners acquire, at their sole cost and expense, and use so called "Bear Resistant 

Trash Containers" for the disposition of food waste. Any such Bear Resistant Trash Containers 

shall be a type or types that are acceptable to the Association and that are capable of pick-up by 

any trash hauler(s) servicing the Project. 

26.3 Association and Declarant Not Insurers of Safet or Securit . The Association may, 

but shall not be obligated to, maintain or support various activities within DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

which are intended to foster or prolnote safety or security. In no event shall the Association, the 

Declarant or Indemnified Parties in any way be considered insurers or guarantors of security within 

81 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 83 of 139 
†
9774 G2706 

OR BK 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY, nor shall any of them be held liable for any loss or damage by reason of 

the lack of adequate security or safety measures or the ineffectiveness of any security or safety 

measures undertaken. No representation or warranty is made that any manned gatehouse, 

electronically operated entrance and exit gates, fire protection system, burglar alarm system or 

other security system installed or security measures undertaken on or about DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

cannot be compromised or circumvented, nor that any such systems or security measures will 

prevent loss or provide the detection or protection for which they may be designed or intended. 

Each Owner therefore acknowledges, understands and agrees that the Declarant, the Association, 

and the Indemnified Parties are not insurers or guarantors of safety or security and that each person 

entering upon DEL WEBB BEXLEY assumes all risks of loss or damage to persons and property 

resulting from the acts of third parties. Furthermore, each Owner specifically acknowledges, 

understands and agrees that entrance and exit gate(s) and any manned gatehouse in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY are only provided as traffic control devices and are not provided as a measure of safety 

or security. 

26.4 Traffic Enforcement. At the Association's option, the Association may enter into 

an agreement to provide for enforcement of traffic laws within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by the 

sheriff and all costs of such enforcement incurred by the sheriff shall be paid by the Association as 

an Operating Expense. 

26.5 Gatehouses. Gatehouses may be constructed within or adjacent to DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY in order to limit access and to provide more privacy for the Owners and Lessees. Each 

Owner and Lessee and their Immediate Family Members, guests and invitees, acknowledge that 

any such gatehouse may restrict or delay entry into, or access within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by 

police, fire department, ambulances and other emergency vehicles or personnel. Each Owner and 

Lessee and their Immediate Family Members, guests and invitees agree to assume the risk that any 

such gatehouse will restrict or delay entry into, or access within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by police, 

fire department, ambulances or other emergency vehicles or personnel. Neither the Declarant, the 

Association nor any of the Indemnified Parties shall be liable to any Owner or Lessee or their 

Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees for any claims or damages resulting directly or 

indirectly from the construction, existence, maintenance, operation, delays in operation, staffing 

or failure or delay in staffing of any such gatehouses. 

If any gatehouses are constructed within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, the Declarant makes no 

representations or warranties (i) that gatehouse staffing will be provided, (ii) if gatehouse staffing 

is provided, that it will be provided during any particular hours or be continued in the future, (iii) 

regarding training of gatehouse staff or (iv) operational policies and activities of the gatehouse 

staff. Nothing contained in this Declaration and nothing that may be represented to a purchaser 

by real estate brokers or salesmen representing the Declarant shall be deemed to create any 

covenants or restrictions, implied or express, with respect to the existence, operation or 

effectiveness of any gatehouses or gatehouse staff. 

26.6 Recreational Facilities and Services Open to the Public. Declarant, prior to 

Turnover, and thereafter the Association, has the right to make the Recreational Facilities available 

to Persons other than Owners or Lessees by issuing passes or Activity Cards to such Persons. The 

Declarant, and thereafter the Association, shall establish qualification requirements, fees and dues 

for any Person using the Recreational Facilities who is not an Owner or Lessee. Any such Person 

82 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 84 of 139 
†
9774 G2707 

OR BK 

entitled to use the Recreational Facilities is granted a non-exclusive license to use the Recreational 

Facilities subject to full compliance with all obligations imposed by the Governing Documents, 

including without limitation all Rules and Regulations. The granting of such rights shall not reduce 

or abate any Owner's obligation to pay Assessments authorized pursuant to the terms of the 

Governing Documents, or give any Owner the right to avoid any of the provisions of the Governing 

Documents. 

26.7 Activity Cards. At the discretion of the Board, Activity Cards may be issued to 

allow Owners and Lessees access to the Recreational Facilities. 

26.7. I Issuance by the Board. One (1) Activity Card shall be allocated to each 

Qualified Occupant of a Home, up to a maximum of two (2) Activity Cards per Home. The 

Board shall determine entitlement to Activity Cards on an annual basis. Activity Cards shall 

be renewed annually, provided, the Home continues to be occupied by a Qualified 

Occupant and all applicable Assessments and other charges pertaining to the Lot and Home 

have been paid. The Board may establish policies, limits and charges with regard to the 

issuance of additional, renewal or replacement Activity Cards and guest privilege cards. 

26.7.2 Assignment of Rights. The right to an Activity Card is based upon 

Occupancy of a Home. Any Owner who leases or otherwise transfers Occupancy of his 

or her Home shall be deemed to have assigned his or her rights to an Activity Card to the 

Lessee or Occupant of such Lot. The Lessee or Occupant of the Home shall be entitled to 

an Activity Card only if the Home continues to be occupied by a Qualified Occupant and 

in no event shall an Activity Card be assigned to anyone under nineteen (19) years of age. 

Any Owner who leases or otherwise transfers Occupancy of his or her Home shall provide 

the Association with immediate written notice thereof and shall surrender to the 

Association his or her previously issued Activity Cards. Activity Cards shall be surrendered 

by any holder who ceases to Occupy a Home, or at any time upon written notification from 

the Association that the holder no longer is entitled to hold an Activity Card. 

26.7.3 Vacation Getaways. Each Vacation Getaway, as described in Section 21.22, 

shall be allocated one Activity Card per guest per stay in that Vacation Getaway (up to a 

total of four (4) Activity Cards) for use by the temporary Occupants of the Vacation 

Getaway. Additional Activity Cards shall be issued to Declarant upon request with payment 

of the then current charge for additional Activity Cards. 

26.7.4 Issuance to Declarant. As long as Declarant owns any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY or has the right to annex property pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof, the 

Association shall provide Declarant, free of charge, with as many Activity Cards as 

Declarant, in its sole discretion, deems necessary for the purpose of marketing DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY or the Additional Property described in Exhibit "5". Declarant may transfer the 

Activity Cards to prospective purchasers of Lots or Homes subject to such terms and 

conditions as it, in its sole discretion, may determine. Activity Cards provided to Declarant 

shall entitle the bearer to use all Common Areas and Recreational Facilities, including the 

Community Amenity (subject to the availability and payment of admission fees or other 

use fees charged to Owners or Lessees holding Activity Cards). 

83 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 85 of 139 
†
9774 G2708 

OR BK 

Conservation Easements. 

27. 

27.1 Establishment of Conservation Easements. The provisions of Section 704.06, 

Florida Statutes establish the right of the SWF WMD and/or the County (the "Easement Grantee") 

to accept easements for the preservation of the natural habitat (such easements shall be referred to 

herein as the "Conservation Easements"). The easement areas for certain recorded Conservation 

Easements in favor of the SWF WMD are set forth on the Plat, or Inay be set forth on plats or in 

recorded instruments affecting land within the Bexley Residential Community in or around DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. There are no other Conservation Easements established by this Declaration; 

however, Declarant reserves unto itself and to the Association the right to grant such easements 

over and upon portions of the Common Area or Lots unto the Easement Grantee pursuant to the 

provisions of Section 704.06, Florida Statutes. Any Conservation Easements so granted shall be 

subject to the requirements of Section 704.06, Florida Statutes, and the following provisions. For 

the purposes of this Declaration, any portion of the Common Area or any lands within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY encumbered by a Conservation Easement shall be referred to as the "Conservation 

It is anticipated that all Conservation Easement Property will be owned 

and/or maintained by the CDD pursuant to the CDD Documents, and the CDD shall maintain same 

in accordance with the requirements of the SWF WMD, Permit and any applicable Conservation 

Easements. 

27.2 Purpose. The purpose of a Conservation Easement is to assure that the 

Conservation Easement Property will be retained forever in its existing natural condition and to 

prevent any use of the Conservation Easement Property that will impair or interfere with the 

environmental value of the Conservation Easement Property. It is the further purpose of the 

Conservation Easement to prevent the construction and operation of docks, piers, boardwalks, or 

other preemptive structures that would extend through the Conservation Easement Property onto 

adjacent sovereignty submerged lands except as approved in the Permit (or any modification 

thereto) or any Management Plan attached to the Permit (the "Management Plan"). 

27.3 Prohibited Acts and Uses. Any activity on or use of the Conservation Easement 

Property inconsistent with the purpose of a Conservation Easement is prohibited. Without limiting 

the generality of the foregoing, the following activities and uses are expressly prohibited: 

27.3.1 constructing or placing walls or fences, buildings, roads, signs, billboards, 

or other advertising, utilities or other structures on or above the ground; 

27.3.2 dumping or placing soil or other substances or material as landfill or 

dumping or placing of trash, waste or unsightly or offensive materials; 

27.3.3 removing, mowing, trimming or destroying trees, shrubs, or other 

vegetation except: 

The removal of dead trees and shrubs or leaning trees that 

27.3.3.1 

could cause damage property is authorized; 

The destruction and removal of noxious, nuisance or exotic 

27.3,3.2 

invasive plant species as listed on the most recent Florida Exotic Pest Plant 

Council 's List of Invasive Species is authorized; 

84 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 86 of 139 
†
9774 G2709 

OR BK 

Activities authorized by the Permit or described in any 

27.3.3.3 

Management Plan or otherwise approved in writing by the SWF WMD are 

authorized; and 

Activities conducted in accordance with a wildfire 

27.3.3.4 

mitigation plan developed with the Florida Forest Service that has been approved 

in writing by the SWF WMD are authorized. No later than thirty (30) days before 

commencing any activities to implement the approved wildfire mitigation plan, the 

owner of the Conservation Easement Property shall notify the SWF WMD in 

writing of its intent to commence such activities. All such activities may only be 

completed during the time period for which the SWF WMD approved the plan. 

27.3.4 excavating, dredging, or removing loam, peat, gravel, soil, rock, or other 

material substances in such a manner as to affect the surface; 

27.3.5 using the surface area of the Conservation Easement Property, except for 

purposes that permit the land or water area to remain predominantly in its natural condition; 

27.3.6 activities detrimental to drainage, flood control, water conservation, erosion 

control, soil conservation, or fish and wildlife habitat preservation, including, but not 

limited to, ditching, diking, clearing and fencing; 

27.3.7 acting upon or using the Conservation Easement Property in a manner 

detrimental to such retention of land or water areas; 

27.3.8 acting upon or using the Conservation Easement Property in a manner 

detrimental to the preservation of the structural integrity or physical appearance of sites or 

properties of historical, architectural, archaeological, or cultural significance. 

27.4 Reserved Rights. The owner of record title to the Conservation Easement Property 

reserves unto itself, and its successors and assigns, all rights accruing from its ownership of the 

Conservation Easement Property, including, without limitation, the right to engage in or permit or 

invite others to engage in all uses of the Conservation Easement Property that are not expressly 

prohibited herein and are not inconsistent with the Permit (or any modifications thereto), and the 

Management Plan, and the purposes of the Conservation Easement. 

27.5 Rights of Easement Grantee. To accomplish the purposes stated herein, the owner 

of record title to the Conservation Easement Property shall, grant the following rights to the 

Easement Grantee and Declarant: 

27.5. I To enter upon the Conservation Easement Property at reasonable times with 

any necessary equipment or vehicles to inspect, determine compliance with the covenants 

and prohibitions contained in the Conservation Easement, and to enforce the rights therein 

granted in a manner that will not unreasonably interfere with the use and quiet enjoyment 

of the Conservation Easement Property by the owner thereof at the time of such entry; and 

27.5.2 To proceed at law or in equity to enforce the provisions of the Conservation 

Easement and the covenants set forth therein, to prevent the occurrence of any of the 

85 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 87 of 139 
†
9774 G2710 

OR BK 

prohibited activities set forth therein, and to require the restoration of such areas or features 

of the Conservation Easement Property that may be damaged by any activities or use that 

is inconsistent with the Conservation Easement. 

27.6 Easement Grantee's Discretion. The Easement Grantee may enforce the terms of 

the Conservation Easement at its discretion, but if the CDD, Association, Declarant, or any Owner, 

breaches any term of the Conservation Easement and the Easement Grantee does not exercise its 

rights under the Conservation Easement, the Easement Grantee's forbearance shall not be 

construed to be a waiver by the Easement Grantee of such term, or of any subsequent breach of 

the same, or any other term of the Conservation Easement, or of any of the Easement Grantee's 

rights under the Conservation Easement. No delay or omission by the Easement Grantee in the 

exercise of any right or remedy upon any breach by the CDD, Association, Declarant or any Owner 

shall impair such right or remedy or be construed as a waiver. The Easement Grantee shall not be 

obligated to Declarant, or to any other person or entity, to enforce the provisions of the 

Conservation Easement. 

27.7 Easement Grantee's Liabilit . The owner of the fee interest in the Conservation 

Easement Property shall retain all liability for any injury or damage to the person or property of 

third parties that may occur on the Conservation Easement Property. Neither Declarant, nor any 

Owner, nor any person or entity claiming by or through Declarant or any Owner, shall hold the 

Easement Grantee liable for any damage or injury to person or personal property that may occur 

on the Conservation Easement Property. 

27.8 Riparian Rights. The Conservation Easement shall convey to Easement Grantee 

the grantor's riparian rights of ingress and egress for boat docks, piers, boardwalks, and other 

preemptive structures and activities associated with the Conservation Easement Property except 

as necessary to construct, use, and maintain the structures and activities approved in the Permit (or 

any modification thereto) or Management Plan. 

27.9 Acts Be ond Declarant's CDD's or Association's Control. Nothing contained in 

the Conservation Easement shall be construed to entitle the Easement Grantee to bring any action 

against Declarant, the CDD or the Association for any injury to or change in the Conservation 

Easement Property resulting from natural causes beyond Declarant's, CDD's or the Association's 

control, including, without limitation, fire, flood, storm and earth movement, or from any 

necessary action taken by Declarant, CDD or the Association under emergency conditions to 

prevent, abate, or mitigate significant injury to the Conservation Easement Property or to persons 

resulting from such causes. 

27.10 Recordation. Declarant shall record any Conservation Easement in a timely fashion 

and Declarant and the Owners of any Lots encumbered by the Conservation Easement shall re- 

record it by separate instrument at any time the Easement Grantee may require to preserve its 

rights. The Owners of any Lots encumbered by the Conservation Easement shall pay all recording 

costs and taxes necessary to record the Conservation Easement. Declarant will hold the Easement 

Grantee harmless from any recording costs or taxes necessary to record the Conservation 

Easement. 

86 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 88 of 139 
†
9774 G2711 

OR BK 

27.11 Successors. The covenants, terms, conditions, and restrictions of the Conservation 

Easement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective 

personal representatives, heirs, successors, and assigns and shall continue as a servitude running 

in perpetuity with the Conservation Easement Property. 

27.12 Restrictive Covenants Affecting Conservation Easements. No Owner or other 

person shall cut, remove, destroy, or otherwise disturb any plant, shrub, tree, or other vegetation 

within any Conservation Easement Property, nor shall any person, including, but not limited to any 

Owner, Declarant, CDD and the Association, deposit dirt, fill, grass clippings, trash, rubbish, tree 

trimmings, building materials, or other waste within, or grade or alter such Conservation Easement 

Property without the prior written consent (as evidenced by any required permit or other official 

certification) of the CDD, Association, Declarant, the County, and the SWF WMD. 

Bexle Residential Charter Founder and Bexle Residential Association Matters. DEL 

28. 

WEBB BEXLEY is not part of the Bexley Residential Community, is not subject to the Bexley 

Residential Charter and is not subject to the jurisdiction of the Bexley Residential Association. 

The rights and responsibilities of Declarant, the Association and the Owners under and with respect 

to the Founder, Bexley Residential Charter and Bexley Residential Association are as follows: 

28.1 Owners are Not Members of the Bexley Residential Association. Owners in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY are not members of the Bexley Residential Association. 

28.2 Lots are Not Subject to Bexley Residential Association Assessments. Lots in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY are not subject to assessments by the Bexley Residential Association. 

28.3 Founder Approval of Declaration and Amendments. Declarant hereby grants to 

Founder, as long as Founder serves in such capacity under and pursuant to the Bexley Residential 

Charter, the right to review and approve this Declaration and all future amendments to this 

Declaration. Founder, by Founder's joinder in the execution of this Declaration, hereby provides 

and confirms Founder's review and approval of same. All future amendments to this Declaration 

shall require the Founder's review, approval and joinder prior to recordation of same, or waiver of 

such right of review and approval by Founder as provided in Section 28.12 below. 

28.4 Bexley Residential Community Amenities. The Bexley Residential Charter 

contemplates construction and operation of certain recreational facilities and amenities (together 

the "Bexley Residential Community Amenities") for the recreational use of some or all of the 

members of the Bexley Residential Association and residents within the Bexley Residential 

Community. Owners in DEL WEBB BEXLEY are not members of the Bexley Residential 

Association and have no rights of access to or use of the Bexley Residential Community Amenities. 

Founder or the Bexley Residential Association, each in their sole discretion as provided in the 

Bexley Residential Charter, may grant Owners and Lessees in DEL WEBB BEXLEY use rights to 

some or all of the Bexley Residential Community Amenities on such terms and upon payment of 

such fees or charges as determined by Founder or the Bexley Residential Association, as 

applicable, in their sole discretion. Founder or the Bexley Residential Association may deny, limit 

or restrict such access and use rights, or increase applicable fees and charges for same from time 

to time in their sole discretion. No Owner, Lessee or Immediate Family Member in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY or their guests or invitees shall have any right of access to or use of the Bexley 

87 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 89 of 139 
†
9774 G2712 

OR BK 

Residential Community Amenities except as may be granted by the Founder or Bexley Residential 

Association, as applicable, in their sole discretion. 

28.5 Association Board and ARC. Until Declarant has purchased all of the Additional 

Property from Founder pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract, Founder, at Founder's option, 

may appoint (i) one member of the Board of the Association and (ii) one member of the ARC, 

provided, however, that any such Board member appointed by Founder after Turnover shall (a) be 

deemed appointed as the Declarant representative to the Board (and Declarant shall confirm such 

appointment as necessary) and (b) shall only serve for as long as Declarant is permitted to appoint 

a member of the Board pursuant to this Declaration and the Florida Statutes. 

28.6 Additional Founder Approval Rights. Founder shall have the right to review and 

approve, including any amendments or supplements thereto, the Rules and Regulations and 

Architectural Guidelines adopted by Declarant, the Board or the Association, which approval will 

not be unreasonably withheld or delayed provided that same are not inconsistent with the 

requirements of the Declarant Purchase Contract. Such approval or disapproval shall be provided 

in writing within fifteen (15) business days of delivery of such proposed Rules and Regulations 

and Architectural Guidelines or proposed amendment or supplement to same. Failure of Founder 

to provide written disapproval of any such items within such time frame shall be deemed approval 

of same. 

28.7 Founder Consent Rights. The following actions with respect to the development of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and this Declaration shall require Founder's joinder and consent. 

28.7.1 Amendment of this Declaration as provided in Section 28.3 above or any 

Supplemental Declaration other than a Supplemental Declaration which annexes any 

portion of the Additional Property as part of DEL WEB BEXLEY without creating 

additional classes of members and without modifying, supplementing, waiving or replacing 

any term, condition or covenant of this Declaration applicable with respect to the land 

described in such Supplemental Declaration. 

28.7.2 Conveyance or encumbrance of the Community Amenity other than 

conveyance from Declarant to the Association. 

28.7.3 Assignment of Declarant's rights under this Declaration. 

28.7.4 Annexation of lands as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY other than the 

annexation of any portion of the Additional Property, which shall not require Founder's 

consent. 

28.7.5 Withdrawal of land from this Declaration other than in connection with 

dedication or conveyance of lands to the County, CDD or other governmental agency. 

Such consent shall be evidenced by Founder's written joinder to such instrument effecting 

such action referenced above or by an affidavit confirming delivery of the request for such consent 

and expiration of the applicable time period for approval or disapproval of saine as provided in 

Section 28.12 below. 

88 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 90 of 139 
†
9774 G2713 

OR BK 

28.8 Founder's Architectural Review Rights. Pursuant to the Declarant Purchase 

Contract, Founder has reviewed and approved the design, plans and specifications for the 

following items (together the "Founder Architectural Review Items") for DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY: 

28.8. I Schematic plans, landscape plans and other specifications for entry gate and 

feature (together the "Neighborhood Entry") 

28.8.2 Perimeter Wall 

28.8.3 Master Preliminary Site Plan 

28.8.4 Landscape plans and construction plans and specifications for Common 

Areas, including the Community Amenity 

28.8.5 Master site plans, elevations, landscape plans and plans and specifications 

for the Homes to be constructed by Declarant (together the "Master Home Plans"). 

Copies of the approved Founder Architectural Review Items and any supplements or 

modifications to same approved as provided in this Section 28.8 (together the "Approved Plans") 

shall be maintained among the Official Records of the Association. Construction and development 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY in accordance with the Approved Plans shall not require any further 

review or approval from Founder, provided, however, that (i) Founder Architectural Review Items 

for subsequent phases of DEL WEBB BEXLEY that were not previously approved by Founder or 

(ii) any Substantial Deviation (as defined below) from the Approved Plans must be submitted to 

Founder for review and approval as provided herein below. 

In connection with any such subsequent phase or Substantial Deviation, Declarant shall 

submit to Founder for Founder's review and reasonable approval in accordance with the Declarant 

Purchase Agreement any modifications or additions to such Founder Architectural Review Items 

and Approved Plans applicable with respect to same. Founder shall provide its reasonable 

comments and/or approval of such items within fifteen (15) business days after receipt thereof 

from Declarant. Declarant shall thereafter address any reasonable comments received from 

Founder within fifteen (15) days after receipt of Founder's comments and this process shall be 

repeated until such items are approved by Founder for construction within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

As used herein, a "Substantial Deviation" means any modification to the previously approved 

plans which visibly and materially alters the exterior appearance of the Home, Neighborhood Entry 

or Perimeter Wall, as applicable. 

28.9 Intentionally Deleted. 

28.10 Declarant Default Under Declarant Purchase Contract. In the event Declarant (i) 

defaults under the Declarant Purchase Contract prior to purchasing all of the Additional Property 

under the same or (ii) otherwise does not to purchase all of the Additional Property pursuant to any 

right afforded Declarant under the Declarant Purchase Contract, then Founder shall have the 

following rights: 

89 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 91 of 139 
†
9774 G2714 

OR BK 

The right, without obligation, to require that Declarant assign to 

28.10.1 

Founder all or some of Declarant's rights and interest as "Declarant" under this 

Declaration, the Articles and the Bylaws including, at Founder's option, an assignment of 

all right, title and interest as Declarant under this Declaration to Founder. In the event that 

Declarant assigns to Founder any or all of Declarant's rights and interests as "Declarant" 

under this Declaration, Founder shall not be liable for any obligations of "Declarant" under 

this Declaration, or under applicable law, except to the extent expressly assumed by 

Founder in writing and recorded in the Public Records, and then only from and after the 

effective date of Founder's assumption of any such obligations. Declarant agrees to and 

shall indemnify, defend and hold Founder harmless from and against any claims and 

liability associated with Declarant's acts, omissions, failures, malfeasance or negligence, 

relating to Declarant's obligations as "Declarant" hereunder until the date any such 

obligations are expressly assumed by Founder. Founder agrees to and shall indemnify, 

defend and hold Declarant harmless from and against any claims and liability associated 

with Founder's acts, omissions, failures, malfeasance or negligence, relating to any 

obligations of Founder as "Declarant" hereunder, which are expressly assumed by Founder, 

from and after the effective date of such assumption. 

The right to require Declarant to convey to the Association, to the 

28.10.2 

extent not previously conveyed, all interest of Declarant in any Common Areas or other 

portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY contemplated to be owned and operated by the 

Association pursuant to this Declaration, including, without limitation the Community 

Amenity. 

The right, without obligation and irrespective of whether Founder 

28.10.3 

accepts an assignment of any rights or obligations as "Declarant" under this Declaration, 

to annex all or some of the Additional Property into DEL WEBB BEXLEY by 

Supplemental Declaration executed by Founder. Except for applicable governmental 

approvals (if any) required for same and the joinder of the owner of such additional lands 

if other than Founder, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from any other 

party (including, but not limited to Declarant, the Association, Owners or any Lenders). 

Page 92 of 139 

28.10.4 

If, as a result of the termination of the Declarant Purchase Contract 

prior to Declarant's Purchase of all of the Additional Property, any portion of the 

Additional Property is not annexed as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY under this Declaration, 

then the homeowners within the unpurchased and unannexed portion of the Additional 

Property shall have the same rights, benefits, privileges and obligations that Owners within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY have with respect to access to and the use of the Recreational 

Facilities, subject to payment of the same pro rata assessments, fees and other charge costs 

allocable to such use pursuant to the terms of this Declaration. 

28.11 Notices and Deliveries to Declarant Founder and Association Under Section 28. 

Any notice or delivery to Declarant, Founder and the Association as required or pennitted in this 

Section 28 shall be sent (the "First Delivery") to such parties by certified mail, return receipt 

requested, express courier with signed receipt or hand delivery with signed receipt, shall be 

effective upon receipt or upon Second Delivery as provided below and shall be delivered to such 

parties at the addresses set forth in their signature pages of this Declaration or such other address 

90 

74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2715 

OR BK 

as provided by such party to the other parties by written notice in accordance with this Section 

In the event any First Delivery to any party pursuant to this Declaration is returned as 

28.11. 

refused, undeliverable or as an invalid address for such party, delivery of same (the "Second 

may be effected by certified mail, return receipt requested, sent to both (i) the then 

current or last known address of such party as listed in the records of the Florida Department of 

State (or similar successor agency) and (ii) the return address set forth on the last notice or 

correspondence received from such party, if different from item (i) or the First Delivery address 

and such delivery shall be deemed effective three (3) business days after depositing same in the 

mail irrespective of actual receipt or non-receipt of smne. 

28.12 Assi nment and Waiver of Founder A roval/Consent Ri hts. In the event of any 

assignment of Founder's approval and consent rights under this Declaration, Founder shall provide 

written notice of such assignment to Declarant and the Association along with a copy of such 

assignment instrument, which shall be recorded in the Public Records of the County, together with 

the notice address for such assignee. In the event any request for any approval or consent from 

Founder is delivered as provided in Section 28.11 above and Founder fails to provide written notice 

of disapproval of such request within thirty (30) days after receipt or such lesser time period for 

providing such approval or disapproval as set forth in this Declaration then, except as provided in 

Section 21.19 of this Declaration, such approval or consent rights shall be deemed waived and 

such requested approval or consent shall be deemed given by Founder. An affidavit by an 

authorized representative of the Association or Declarant as to delivery, First and Second Delivery 

attempts and expiration of the applicable periods of time and waiver of such approval or consent 

rights may be affixed to such requested approval or consent item in lieu of Founder's written 

approval, consent or joinder in same. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE 

CONTRARY IN THIS DECLARATION, EACH OWNER BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED 

TO ANY PORTION OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY, ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE 

DECLARANT AND FOUNDER ARE NOT CO-DECLARANTS OR CO-DEVELOPERS 

OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY, AND THAT FOUNDER'S APPROVAL, CONSENT OR 

JOINDER TO ANY PLAN, DOCUMENT OR OTHER MATTER, PURSUANT TO THE 

REQUIREMENTS OF THIS DECLARATION OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT 

CONSTITUTE OR BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE A REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, 

GUARANTY OR ASSURANCE THAT THE ALLEGED FACTS, OPINIONS, DESCRIPTIONS 

OR OTHER MATTERS SET FORTH THEREIN ARE TRUE OR ACCURATE, NOR THAT ANY 

LOT OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY WITHIN DEL WEBB BEXLEY HAS BEEN OR WILL BE 

IMPROVED PROPERLY, SAFELY, OR IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS. 

w1TH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER APPROVED BY FOUNDER PURSUANT TO THE TERMS 

OF rrms DECLARATION OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

FOUNDER DOES NOT ASSUME NOR SHALL FOUNDER BE DEEMED TO ASSUME ANY 

LIABILITY, COST OR OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT THERETO BY VIRTUE OF 

FOUNDER'S ACTUAL OR DEEMED APPROVAL THEREOF OR CONSENT THERETO. 

28.13 Founder Enforcement Rights. Founder shall have all rights and remedies available 

under Florida law, including injunctive relief, in order to enforce the rights and l'emedies in favor 

of Founder under this Section 28. 

28.14 Additional Property Easements. Declarant and Founder have entered into that 

certain Development Rights and Post Closing Agreement recorded December 26, 2017 in Official 

Records Book 9654, Page 1561, of the Public Records (the "Founder Post Closing Agreement") 

91 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 93 of 139 
†
9774 G2716 

OR BK 

setting forth certain agreements and granting certain easements with respect to the development of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional Property, which is currently owned by Founder and 

which Declarant has the obligation to purchase in one or more takedowns pursuant to the Declarant 

Purchase Contract. Such agreements and easements include the following: 

Access and Utility Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(a) of the 

28.14.1 

Founder Post Closing Agreement, I)eclarant has granted to Founder, for the benefit of the 

Additional Property, a non-exclusive easement for ingress and egress (the "Additional 

and a non-exclusive easement for utility purposes (the 

"Additional Property Utility Easement") over the portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

more particularly described on Exhibit "C" of the Founder Post Closing Agreement (the 

"Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area"). The purpose of the 

Additional Property Access Easement and Additional Property Utility Easement is to 

provide a means of providing access and extending utilities to the Additional Property. The 

Additional Property Access Easement will automatically terminate upon conveyance by 

deed, or dedication by plat, of the Additional Property Access and Utilities Easement Area 

to the County or a community development district, which provides equivalent rights 

enabling the Additional Property to be served by public access. The Additional Property 

Utility Easement shall automatically terminate upon the grant or dedication of public utility 

easement(s) contiguous to the Additional Property, which provide equivalent rights 

enabling the Additional Property to be served by public utilities. 

Drainage Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) of the Founder Post 

28.14.2 

Closing Agreement, Declarant granted to Founder, for the benefit of the Additional 

Property, a non-exclusive drainage easement (the "Additional Property Drainage 

Easement") over, under, across and through the Phase I Property. Upon recording of the 

Phase I Plat, the Additional Property Drainage Easement shall be over only those portions 

of the Phase I Property constituting drainage areas which serve to provide drainage to the 

Additional Property (together the "Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas"). 

The Additional Property Drainage Easement shall automatically terminate upon the grant 

or dedication of public drainage easement(s) contiguous to the Additional Property which 

provide equivalent rights enabling the Additional Property to be served by public drainage. 

Maintenance of Easement Areas. Paragraph 2(d) of the Founder 

28.14.3 

Post Closing Agreement provides that Declarant will maintain the Additional Property 

Access and Utility Easement Area and Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas 

owned by it in good condition and repair in compliance with all Applicable Laws, as 

defined in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. The Additional Property Access and 

Utility Easement Area constitutes Common Area under this Declaration. Accordingly, 

Declarant hereby assigns to the Association, and the Association, by its joinder in this 

Declaration, hereby accepts, assumes and agrees to perform, all duties and obligations to 

maintain the Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area in accordance with the 

Founder Post Closing Agreement. The Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas 

within the Phase I Plat will be dedicated to the CDD by the Phase I Plat and shall be 

maintained by the CDD in accordance with the CDD Documents. 

92 

003881 

Page 94 of 139 
†
9774 G2717 

OR BK 

28.14.4 

Additional Terms and Non-Modification. The disclosures regarding 

the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this Section 28.14 are provided for 

informational purposes and are not intended to provide a complete sumlnary of all of the 

terms, covenants and conditions of the Founder Post Closing Agreement. Additional terms, 

conditions and covenants with respect to the Additional Property Access and Utility 

Easement and Additional Property Drainage Easement and additional covenants and 

agreements regarding the development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional 

Property are more particularly set forth in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. Neither 

the disclosures regarding the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this Section 

28.14 nor Founder's joinder in this Declaration shall serve to modify, negate, waive or in 

any other way alter the terms, covenants and conditions of the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement or the enforcement of any rights, obligations and remedies arising from or 

under the Founder Post Closing Agreement. 

Release of Lots Common Areas and CDD Tracts. Paragraph 14 of 

28.14.5 

the Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that, except as provided hereinbelow, the 

Founder Post Closing Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force 

and effect with respect to any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY transferred to the CDD, 

the Association (as the "Neighborhood Association" under the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement) or any Owner who acquires title to a Lot with a Home. Such Paragraph 14 

also provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing termination of the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement with respect to property transferred to the CDD, Association and any such 

Owner, the terms of Paragraph 2 of the Additional Property Agreement shall not terminate 

and shall remain in effect with respect to any Lot, Common Area or CDD Tract in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY containing either the Additional Property Access and Utility Easement 

Area or the Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas. 

28.15 Conflicting Terms or Provisions. In the event of any conflict between the terms of 

this Section 28 and any other term or provisions of this Declaration, the terms of this Section 28 

shall govern. 

Bexley Community Development District. DEL WEBB BEXLEY is or will be within the 

29. 

jurisdiction ofthe CDD and subject to CDD Assessments. Portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, may 

be owned by the CDD, including, but not limited to, open space areas, drainage systems, and the 

S W MS, the Conservation Easement Property, the utilities and/or wetland conservation areas. In 

the event that any portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY are owned by the CDD, such facilities shall 

not be part of the Common Areas, but will be part of the infrastructure facilities owned by the CDD 

(the "CDD Facilities"). EACH PERSON BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO A LOT HEREBY 

ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THE CDD FACILITIES ARE NOT COMMON AREA 

OWNED AND CONTROLLED BY THE ASSOCIATION AND FURTHER WAIVES ANY 

CLAIM OR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY PORTION OF THE CDD FACILITIES BE CONSIDERED 

AS COMMON AREA. 

29.1 Creation of the CDD. The CDD is an independent, multi-purpose, special district 

created pursuant to Chapter 190 of the Florida Statutes. Lots, Homes and other portions of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY are under the jurisdiction of the CDD. The CDD may be authorized to finance, 

fund, install, equip, extend, construct or reconstruct, without limitation, the following: water and 

93 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 95 of 139 
†
9774 G2718 

OR BK 

sewer facilities, subdivision improvements, environmental mitigation, roadways, the S W MS, the 

Conservation Easement Property, utility lines, land acquisition, perimeter walls/fences, 

miscellaneous utilities for DEL WEBB BEXLEY and other infrastructure projects and services 

necessitated by the development of, and serving lands within, DEL WEBB BEXLEY (the "Public 

Infrastructure"). The estimated design, development, construction and acquisition costs for these 

CDD Facilities may be funded by the CDD in one or more series of governmental bond financings 

utilizing special assessment bonds. The CDD may issue both long term debt and short term debt 

to finance the Public Infrastructure. The principal and interest on the special assessments bonds 

may be repaid through non ad valorem special assessments (the "CDD Debt Service 

Assessments") levied on all benefiting properties in the CDD, which property has been found to 

be specially benefited by such Public Infrastructure. In addition to the bonds issued to fund the 

Public Infrastructure costs, the CDD may also impose non ad valorem special assessment to fund 

the operations of the CDD and the maintenance and repair of its Public Infrastructure and services 

(the "CDD Assessments"). 

29.2 CDD Assessments. The CDD Assessments, including the CDD Debt Service 

Assessments and CDD O&M Assessments, will not be taxes but, under Florida law, constitute a 

lien co-equal with the lien of state, County, municipal, and school board taxes and may be collected 

on the ad valorem tax bill sent each year by the Tax Collector of Pasco County and disbursed to 

the CDD. The homestead exemption is not applicable to the CDD Assessments. Because a tax bill 

cannot be paid in part, failure to pay the CDD Assessments or any other portion of the tax bill will 

result in the sale of tax certificates and could ultimately result in the loss of title to the property of 

the delinquent taxpayer through the issuance of a tax deed. Any future CDD Assessments and/or 

other charges due with respect to the CDD Facilities are direct obligations of Owner and are 

secured by a lien against Owner's Lot and Home. Failure to pay such sums may result in loss of 

an Owner's Lot and Home. 

29.3 Common Areas and Facilities Part of CDD. Portions of the Common Areas may 

become part of the CDD. In such event, Common Areas will become part of the CDD Facilities, 

will be part of the CDD and the CDD shall govern the use and maintenance of the CDD Facilities. 

Some of the provisions of this Declaration will not apply to such CDD Facilities, as the CDD 

Facilities will no longer be Common Areas once conveyed to the CDD. Any conveyance of 

Common Areas to the CDD shall in no way invalidate this Declaration. Declarant may decide, in 

its sole and absolute discretion, to convey additional portions of the Common Areas to the CDD 

or the Association. If conveyed to the CDD, such portions of the Common Areas shall thereafter 

be part of the CDD Facilities. The CDD may promulgate membership rules, regulations and/or 

covenants that may outline use restrictions for the CDD Facilities, including the Community 

Amenity, or the Association's responsibility to maintain the CDD Facilities, if any. Among other 

factors, the establishment of the CDD and the inclusion of CDD Facilities in the CDD obligates 

each Owner to become responsible for the payment of CDD Debt Service Assessments and CDD 

O&M Assessments for the construction and operation of the CDD Facilities as set forth in this 

Section. 

29.4 Facilities Owned by CDD. The CDD Facilities may be owned and operated by the 

CDD or owned by the CDD and maintained by the Association. The CDD Facilities may be owned 

by a governmental entity other than the CDD. The CDD Facilities shall be used and enjoyed by 

the Owners on a non-exclusive basis, in common with such other persons, entities, and 

94 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 96 of 139 
†
9774 G2719 

OR BK 

corporations that may be entitled to use the CDD Facilities under the CDD Documents, applicable 

laws and regulations, or otherwise. 

29.5 CDD Facilities Maintenance. The CDD rnay contract with the Association for the 

maintenance, repair, and replacement, management and operation of the CDD Facilities, subject 

to any written agreement accepted by the Association. 

29.6 Additional Disclosure. THE BEXLEY COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT 

DISTRICT MAY IMPOSE AND LEVY TAXES OR ASSESSMENTS, OR BOTH TAXES AND 

ASSESSMENTS, ON THIS PROPERTY. THESE TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS PAY THE 

CONSTRUCTION, OPERATION, AND MAINTENANCE COSTS OF CERTAIN PUBLIC 

FACILITIES AND SERVICES OF THE DISTRICT AND ARE SET ANNUALLY BY THE 

GOVERNING BOARD OF THE DISTRICT. THESE TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS ARE IN 

ADDITION TO COUNTY AND OTHER LOCAL GOVERNMENTAL TAXES AND 

ASSESSMENTS AND ALL OTHER TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS PROVIDED FOR BY 

LAW. 

95 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 97 of 139 
†
9774 G2720 

OR BK 

IN WITNESS W 

its hand and seal this 

WITNESSES: 

Page 98 of 139 

REOF, the u 

ersigned, being Declarant hereunder, has hereunto set 

2018. 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan 

am 

P nt Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

limite 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Address: 

'lity co 

1.7 'v 

2018 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

The f e oing instrument was acknqy dg before me this day of 

of PULTE HOME CO¸PANY, 

2018, by 

LLC, a Mic igan limited liability company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

as identification]. 

NO ARY PUBLIC, State of Florida at Large 

Print Name: 

My commission expires: 

MCGOVERN 

22.324 

2021 

Boncied ihvougll 1st State 

I 
†
9774 G2721 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association") does hereby join in this COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY (this "Declaration"), to which this Joinder is attached, and the terms 

thereof are and shall be binding upon the undersigned and its successors in title. The Association 

agrees this joinder is for the purpose of evidencing the Association's acceptance of the rights and 

obligations provided in the Declaration and does not affect the validity of this Declaration as the 

Association has no right to approve this Declaration. 

day of 

INWITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this 

Page 99 of 139 

WITNESSES: 

Print 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF Hd 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida corporation 

not for profit 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

{CORPORATE SEAL} 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

day of 2018, 

The fore oi g instrument w ac owledged before me this 

by IQ T b 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

as 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida corporation not for profit, on behalf of the corporation, who is 

as identification. 

who has produced 

a e of F orida at Large 

NOTA 

Print Name: 

My commission expires: 

4&O.F 

97 

003881 1 u 74366\343 1 786,v7 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

MY COMMISSION 22322 

EXPIRES: JUL 09, 2021 

Bonded through 1st State Insurance 
†
9774 G2722 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined herein), hereby joins 

in and consents to the foregoing COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

for the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Declaration. 

Page 100 of 139 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

Kirsten Lycett 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: Auex 

Title: 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Address 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

STATE OF FLOEIDA 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instru ent was acknowledged before me this _q_ day of 

of 

, 2018, by 

as Vice. 

NN -BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He [Z] She 

] is personally known to me or [ ] has produced 

as identification. 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

KIRSTEN LYCETT 

Notary Pub!ic State of Florida 

Commission # GG 1 16021 

My Comm. Expires Oct 15, 2021 

Bonded through National Notaty Assn. 

NOTARY SIG ATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: // 0b z I 

My Commission Expires: 'S.21 

98 

0038811 
†
9774 G2723 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 1 

DESCRIPTION: ALL of the proposed plat of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE l, being a parcel 

of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco County, 

Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest corner of said Section 15, also being a point on the Westerly 

boundary of the right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, as recorded in Official Records Book 7870, 

Page 128, of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, run thence along the West boundary of 

said Section 15, the following two (2) courses: 1) along said Westerly boundary of the right-of- 

way for Sunlake Boulevard, N.OOOI 7'40"E., 2413.13 feet to the Northwest corner of said right-of- 

way for Sunlake Boulevard, also being the POINT OF BEGINNING; 

2) continue N.OOO 17t40"E., 162.33 feet to a point on a curve; thence Northeasterly, 36.07 feet along 

the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 59003'01 " (chord 

bearing N.29049t10"E., 34.50 feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.OOOI 7'40"E., 221.28 feet to a 

point of curvature; thence Northerly, 1207.28 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a 

radius of 2017.00 feet and a central angle of 34017'40" (chord bearing N. 16051' IO"W., 1189.34 

feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.34000'00"W., 316.72 feet to a point of curvature; thence 

Northwesterly, 215.16 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 2183.00 feet and 

a central angle of 0503850" (chord bearing N.31010'35"W., 215.07 feet); thence N.61038'50"E., 

166.00 feet to a point on a curve; thence Northwesterly, 294.05 feet along the arc of said curve to 

the right having the same radius of 2017.00 feet and a central angle of 08021 '10" (chord bearing 

N.24010'35"W., 293.79 feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.2000ff00"W., 316.72 feet to a point 

of curvature; thence Northwesterly, 1143.02 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius 

of 2183.00 feet and a central angle of 30000'00" (chord bearing N.35000'00"W., 1130.00 feet); 

thence N.40000'OO"E., 234.05 feet; thence S.8100ffOO"E., 402.10 feet; thence 

61.47 feet; thence S.81000t00"E., 187.26 feet; thence N.57045f00ftE., 575.76 feet to a point on a 

curve; thence Southeasterly, 421.00 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 

540.00 feet and a central angle of 440401121' (chord bearing S.55012f33 "E. , 410.42 feet) to a point 

of reverse curvature; thence Easterly, 353.00 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a 

radius of 1960.00 feet and a central angle of 1 0019109" (chord bearing S. 7202305 "E. , 352.52 feet); 

thence N.22046'29"E., 80.00 feet to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 183.50 feet along the 

arc of said curve to the right having a radius of 2040.00 feet and a central angle of 05009' 14" (chord 

bearing S.64038'54"E., 1 83.44 feet); thence S.27055'44'lW., 80.00 feet to a point on a curve; thence 

Westerly, 40.33 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 25.00 feet and a central 

angle of 92025144" (chord bearing S. 7104252" W. , 36.10 feet) to a point of tangency; thence 

S.25030'00"W., 281.91 feet to a point of curvature; thence Southwesterly, 212.81 feet along the 

arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 657.00 feet and a central angle of 1803331 " (chord 

bearing S.34046'46"W., 21 1.88 feet); thence S.61000'00"E., 1420.83 feet to a point on a curve; 

thence Southwesterly, 168.23 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 

feet and a central angle of 09000100" (chord bearing S.24030'00"W., 168.06 feet) to a point of 

tangency; thence S.20000'00"W., 1257.25 feet to a point of curvature; thence Southwesterly, 

1257.28 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle 

of 50024139" (chord bearing S.45012'19"W., 1217.12 feet) to a point of tangency; thence 

S. 7002439" W. , 93.58 feet to a point of curvature; thence Northwesterly, 31.05 feet along the arc 

of a curve to the right having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 5005000" (chord bearing 

1 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 101 of 139 
†
9774 G2724 

OR BK 

N.84010'21 "W. , 30.04 feet); thence S.OOOI 740" W. , 187.05 feet to the Northeast corner of the 

aforesaid right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard; thence along the Northerly boundary of said right- 

of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, s.70024'39"W., 212.68 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. 

LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PARCEL OF LAND: 

DESCRIPTION: ALL of the right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, according to the proposed plat 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, being a parcel of land lying in Section 15 and 16, Township 

26 South, Range 1 8 East, Pasco County, Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest corner of said Section 15, also being a point on the Westerly 

boundary of the right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, as recorded in Official Records Book 7870, 

Page 128, of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, run thence along the West boundary of 

said Section 15, the following two (2) courses: l) along said Westerly boundary of the right-of- 

way for Sunlake Boulevard, N.OOOI 7'40"E., 2413.13 feet to the Northwest corner of said right-of- 

way for Sunlake Boulevard, also being the POINT OF BEGINNING; 

2) continue N.OOO 1740"E., 162.33 feet to a point on a curve; thence Northeasterly, 36.07 feet along 

the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 5900301 " (chord 

bearing N.29049'l O"E., 34.50 feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.OOOI 7t40"E., 221.28 feet to a 

point of curvature; thence Northerly, 1207.28 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a 

radius of 2017.00 feet and a central angle of 3401740" (chord bearing N. 16051110" W. , 1189.34 

feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.34000t00"W., 316.72 feet to a point of curvature; thence 

Northwesterly, 215.16 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 2183.00 feet and 

a central angle of 05038150" (chord bearing N.31010'35"W., 215.07 feet); thence N.61038'50ttE., 

166.00 feet to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 198.80 feet along the arc of a curve to the 

left having a radius of 2017.00 feet and a central angle of 05038'50" (chord bearing S.3 101 (Y35"E., 

198.72 feet) to a point of tangency; thence S.34000'00"E., 316.72 feet to a point of curvature; 

thence Southerly, 1306.64 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 2183.00 feet 

and a central angle of 34017'40" (chord bearing S. 16051 '10"E., 1287.22 feet) to a point of tangency; 

thence S.OOOI 740" W., 124.23 feet to a point of curvature; thence Southeasterly, 36.07 feet along 

the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 59003101 " (chord 

bearing S.29013'51 "E. , 34.50 feet); thence S.OOOI 740" W. , 187.05 feet to the Northeast corner of 

the aforesaid right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard; thence along the Northerly boundary of said 

right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, S. 70024139" W. , 212.68 feet to the POINT OF 

BEGINNING. 

2 

003881 74366\343 1786,v7 

Page 102 of 139 
†
9774 G2725 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 2 

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION NOT FOR PROFIT) 

1 

003881 

Page 103 of 139 
†
9774 G2734 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 3 

BYLAWS 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION NOT FOR PROFIT) 

003881 1 1786. v? 

Page 112 of 139 
†
9774 G2746 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 4 

PERMIT 

0038811 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 124 of 139 
†
9774 G2747 

OR BK 

SOUTHWEST FLORIDA WATER MANAGEMENT DISTRICT 

ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCE 

INDIVIDUAL CONSTRUCTION MAJOR MODIFICATION 

PERMIT NO. 43013740.017 

EXPIRATION DATE: 

Page 125 of 139 

January 10, 2023 

PERMIT ISSUE DATE: January 10, 2018 

This permit is issued under the provisions of Chapter 373, Florida Statutes, (F.S.), and the Rules contained in 

Chapter 62-330, Florida Administrative Code, (F.A.C.). The permit authorizes the Permittee to proceed with the 

construction of a surface water management system in accordance with the information outlined herein and 

shown by the application, approved drawings, plans, specifications, and other documents, attached hereto and 

kept on file at the Southwest Florida Water Management District (District). Unless otherwise stated by permit 

specific condition, permit issuance constitutes certification of compliance with state water quality standards 

under Section 401 of the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1341. All construction, operation and maintenance of the 

surface water management system authorized by this permit shall occur in compliance with Florida Statutes and 

Administrative Code and the conditions of this permit. 

PROJECT NAME: 

GRANTED TO: 

OTHER PERMITTEES: 

Bexley North Parcel 5 Phase 1 

Pulte Home Company, LLC 

Attn: Rob Barber 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Tampa, FL 33578 

ABSTRACT: This permit modification authorizes construction of single-family residential lots, roadways and associated 

infrastructure for Parcel 5, Phase 1 of the Bexley Ranch development. This permit modifies the stormwater management 

systems previously approved under Permit Nos. 43013740.015 and 43013740.016, entitled Sunlake Boulevard Extension 

North of Tower Road and Bexley North Parcel 5 Mass Grading Plan, respectively. The perpetual operation, maintenance 

and reinspection requirements for ponds 120 and 133 (Permit No. 43013740.015) and 133A, B, D, E and F (Permit No. 

43013740.016) will be tracked under this permit modification No. 43013740.017, upon transfer of this permit to the operation 

phase. The stormwater management system has been designed to limit the peak post-development 25-year, 24-hour 

discharge rate to the peak pre-development 25-year, 24-hour discharge rate. The Engineer-of-Record has provided 

calculations that demonstrate the proposed construction will not cause any adverse impacts offsite or onsite for the 

25-year, 24-hour and 100-yeart 24-hour storm events. The site is located 2.5 miles north of State Road 54 approximately 3 

miles east of the Suncoast Parkway, in Pasco County. Information regarding the stormwater management system, 

1 CO-year floodplain, wetlands and/or surface waters is stated below and on the permitted construction drawings for the 

proposed project. 

OP. & MAIN. ENTITY: 

OTHER OP. & MAIN. ENTITY: 

COUNTY: 

SEC/TWP/RGE: 

TOTAL ACRES OWNED 

OR UNDER CONTROL: 

PROJECT SIZE: 

LAND USE: 

DATE APPLICATION FILED: 

AMENDED DATE: 

Pulte Home Company, LLC 

Pasco 

S09/T26S/R18E, SIO∆26S/R18E, S16/T26S/R18E, S15/T26S/R18E 

418.30 

128.00 Acres 

Residential 

September 07, 2017 

N/A 
†
9774 G2748 

l. Water Quantity/Quality 

POND No. 

120 

133 

133A 

c 

Area Acres @ Top of Bank 

13.10 

5.34 

3.14 

9.48 

1.07 

4.32 

1.90 

Total: 38.35 

OR BK 

Treatment Type 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

Page 126 of 139 

Water Quantit [Qualit Comments: Ponds 120 and 133 (Permit No. 43013740.015) and ponds 133A, B, C, E 

and F (Permit No. 43013740.016) were previously permitted and will be tracked under this permit 

modification, No. 43013740.017, once transferred to the operation phase. No changes are currently 

proposed to these ponds. Water quality treatment will be provided in these seven wet detention ponds. 

Water quantity attenuation wilt be provided in the wet detention ponds and on-site wetlands. The stormwater 

management system has been designed to limit the post-development 25-year, 24-hour discharge rate to 

the peak pre-development 25-year, 24-hour rate. The Engineer-of-Record (EOR) has provided calculations 

that demonstrate the proposed construction will not cause any adverse impacts off-site or on-site for the 

25-year, 24-hour and 100-year, 24-hour storm events. The vertical datum listed on the permitted 

construction drawings is NAVDI 988. 

A mixing zone is not required. 

A variance is not required. 

ll. IOO-Year Floodplain 

Encroachment 

(Acre-Feet of fill) 

0.00 

Compensation 

(Acre-Feet of 

excavation 

0.00 

Compensation 

Type 

Equivalent Excavation 

Encroachment 

Result* (feet) 

N/A 

All floodplain impacts have been previously approved under Permit No. 

43013740.016. No additional floodplain impacts are authorized with this Permit No. 43013740.017. 

*Depth of change in flood stage (fevel) over existing receiving water stage resulting from floodplain 

encroachment caused by a project that claims Minimal Impact type of compensation. 

Ill. Environmental Considerations 

Wetland/Other Surface Water Information 

2 
†
9774 G2749 

OR BK 

10-91 

15-10 

15-11 

15-29 

16-11 

16-13 

16-15 

16-17 

16-19 

Page 127 of 139 

Wetland/Other 

Surface 

Water Name 

9-83 

9-85 

9-87 

9-88 

9-89 

9-91 

10-101 

15_1 

15-3 

15-4 

15-5 

15-6 

15-8 

15-9 

Total 

Acres 

2.44 

0.08 

0.10 

0.01 

0.04 

0.53 

0.43 

0.58 

1.65 

0.03 

0.03 

0.19 

0.02 

1.46 

0.02 

2.18 

0.05 

0.34 

0.17 

2.94 

1.40 

0.53 

1.52 

0.07 

0.04 

0.11 

0.14 

0.05 

0.13 

0.10 

0.44 

0.05 

0.10 

17.97 

Not 

Impacted 

Acres 

2.44 

0.08 

0.10 

0.01 

0.04 

0.53 

0.43 

0.58 

1.65 

0.03 

0.03 

0.19 

0.02 

1.46 

0.02 

2.18 

0.05 

0.34 

0.17 

2.94 

1.40 

0.53 

1.52 

0.07 

0.04 

0.11 

0.14 

0.05 

0.13 

0.10 

0.44 

0.05 

0.10 

17.97 

Permanent 1m acts 

Tem ora 1m acts 

Acres 

0.00 

coo 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Functional 

Loss* 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Acres 

Total: 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

coo 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Functional 

Loss* 

0.00 

coo 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

coo 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

* For impacts that do not require mitigation, their functional loss is not included. 

Wetland/Other Surface Water Comments: 

The project area for this ERP modification contains 16.81 acres of wetlands and 1.16 acres of surface 

waters. All wetlands and surface waters were previously accounted for in ERP Nos. 43013740.015 and 

43013740.016. No new wetland or surface water impacts are proposed in this modification. 

Mitigation Information 

Mitigation Comments: 

Mitigation is not required. 
†
9774 G2750 

OR BK 

Specific Conditions 

Page 128 of 139 

1 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

If the ownership of the project area covered by the subject permit is divided, with someone other 

than the Permittee becoming the owner of part of the project area, this permit may be terminated, 

unless the terms of the permit are modified by the District or the permit is transferred pursuant to 

Rule 40Dw1.6105, F.A.C. In such situations, each land owner shall obtain a permit (which may be 

a modification of this permit) for the land owned by that person. This condition shall not apply to 

the division and sale of lots or units in residential subdivisions or condominiums. 

The Permittee shall retain the design professional registered or licensed in Florida, to conduct 

on-site observations of construction and assist with the as-built certification requirements of this 

project. The Permittee shall inform the District in writing of the name, address and phone number 

of the design professional so employed. This information shall be submitted prior to construction. 

Wetland buffers shall remain in an undisturbed condition except for approved drainage facility 

construction/maintenance. No owner of property within the subdivision may perform any work, 

construction, maintenance, clearing, filling or any other type of activities within the wetlands, 

wetland buffers, buffer compensation areas, and drainage easements described in the approved 

permit and recorded plat of the subdivision, unless prior approval is received from the Southwest 

Florida Water Management District. 

The following boundaries, as shown on the approved construction drawings, shall be clearly 

delineated on the site prior to initial clearing or grading activities: 

a. wetland and surface water areas 

b. wetland buffers 

c. limits of approved wetland impacts 

The delineation shall endure throughout the construction period and be readily discernible to 

construction and District personnel. 

Rights-of-way and easement locations necessary to construct, operate and maintain all facilities, 

which constitute the permitted stormwater management system, and the locations and limits of all 

wetlands, wetland buffers, upland buffers for water quality treatment, 100-year floodplain areas 

and floodplain compensation areas, shall be shown on the final plat recorded in the County Public 

Records. Documentation of this plat recording shall be submitted to the District with the As-Built 

Certification and Request for Conversion to Operational Phase Form, and prior to beneficial 

occupancy or use of the site. 

Copies of the following documents in final form, as appropriate for the project, shall be submitted 

to the Regulation Division: 

a. homeowners, property owners, master association or condominium association articles of 

incorporation, and 

b. declaration of protective covenants, deed restrictions or declaration of condominium 

The Permittee shall submit these documents with the submittal of the Request for Transfer of 

Environmental Resource Permit to the Perpetual Operation Entity form. 

The following language shall be included as part of the deed restrictions for each lot: 

"Each property owner within the subdivision at the time of construction of a building, residence, or structure 

shall comply with the construction plans for the stormwater management system approved and on file with 

4 
†
9774 G2751 

OR BK 

the Southwest Florida Water Management District." 

This Permit Modification No. 4313740.017, amends the previously issued Permit Nos. 

8. 

43013740.015 (ponds 120 and 133) and 43013740.016 (ponds 133A, B, C, E and F). The 

perpetual operation, maintenance and reinspection requirements for ponds 120, 133, 133A, B, C, 

E and F previously approved under Permit Nos. 43013740.015 and 43013740.016 wilt be tracked 

under this permit modification No. 43013740.017, upon transfer of this permit to the operation 

phase, and all original permit conditions will remain in effect. 

If limestone bedrock is encountered during construction of the stormwater management system, 

9. 

the District must be notified and construction in the affected area shall cease. 

The Permittee shall notify the District of any sinkhole development in the stormwater management 

10. 

system within 48 hours of discovery and must submit a detailed sinkhole evaluation and repair 

plan for approval by the District within 30 days of discovery. 

The Permitted Plan Set for this project includes the set received by the District on December 

11. 

15, 2017. 

The operation and maintenance entity shall provide for the inspection of the permitted project 

12. 

after conversion of the permit to the operation and maintenance phase. For systems utilizing 

retention or wet detention, the inspections shall be performed five (5) years after operation is 

authorized and every five (5) years thereafter. 

The operation and maintenance entity must maintain a record of each inspection, including the 

date of inspection, the name and contact information of the inspector, whether the system was 

functioning as designed and permitted, and make such record available upon request of the 

District. 

Within 30 days of any failure of a stormwater management system or deviation from the permit, an 

inspection report shall be submitted using Form 62-330.311 (1), "Operation and Maintenance 

Inspection Certification" describing the remedial actions taken to resolve the failure or deviation. 

District staff must be notified in advance of any proposed construction dewatering. If the 

13. 

dewatering activity is likely to result in offsite discharge or sediment transport into wetlands or 

surface waters, a written dewatering plan must either have been submitted and approved with the 

permit application or submitted to the District as a permit prior to the dewatering event as a permit 

modification. A water use permit may be required prior to any use exceeding the thresholds in 

Chapter 40D-2, F.A.C. 

Off-site discharges during construction and development shall be made only through the facilities 

14. 

authorized by this permit. Water discharged from the project shall be through structures having a 

mechanism suitable for regulating upstream stages. Stages may be subject to operating 

schedules satisfactory to the District. 

The permittee shall complete construction of all aspects of the stormwater management system, 

15. 

including wetland compensation (grading, mulching, planting), water quality treatment features, 

and discharge control facilities prior to beneficial occupancy or use of the development being 

served by this system. 

The following shall be properly abandoned and/or removed in accordance with the applicable 

16. 

5 

Page 129 of 139 
†
9774 G2752 

OR BK 

regulations: 

a. Any existing wells in the path of construction shall be properly plugged and abandoned by a 

licensed well contractor. 

b. Any existing septic tanks on site shall be abandoned at the beginning of construction. 

c. Any existing fuel storage tanks and fuel pumps shall be removed at the beginning of 

construction. 

All stormwater management systems shall be operated to conserve water in order to maintain 

17. 

environmental quality and resource protection; to increase the efficiency of transport, application 

and use; to decrease waste; to minimize unnatural runoff from the property and to minimize 

dewatering of offsite property. 

Each phase or independent portion of the permitted system must be completed in accordance 

18. 

with the permitted plans and permit conditions prior to the occupation of the site or operation of 

site infrastructure located within the area served by that portion or phase of the system. Each 

phase or independent portion of the system must be completed in accordance with the permitted 

plans and permit conditions prior to transfer of responsibility for operation and maintenance of 

that phase or portion of the system to a local government or other responsible entity. 

This permit is valid only for the specific processes, operations and designs indicated on the 

19. 

approved drawings or exhibits submitted in support of the permit application. Any substantial 

deviation from the approved drawings, exhibits, specifications or permit conditions, including 

construction within the total land area but outside the approved project area(s), may constitute 

grounds for revocation or enforcement action by the District, unless a modification has been 

applied for and approved. Examples of substantial deviations include excavation of ponds, ditches 

or sump areas deeper than shown on the approved plans. 

A "Recorded notice of Environmental Resource Permit," Form No. 62-330.090(1), shall be 

20. 

recorded in the public records of the County(s) where the project is located. 

This Permit, ERP No. 43013740.017, cannot be transferred to Operation until either modifications 

21. 

of ERP Nos. 43013740.006 and 43013740.010 (which contain the mitigation areas required to 

offset wetland impacts within ERP Nos. 43013740.015 and 43013740.016) have been issued by 

the District and transferred to Operation or this Permit, ERP No. 43013740.017, has been 

modified to provide an equivalent level of mitigation to be completed by the Permittee. 

Prior to transfer of this permit modification to the operation and maintenance phase, the permittee 

22. 

shall provide reasonable assurance that construction associated with Permit No. 43013740.016 is 

ongoing, and that the state of construction, at the time that the request to transfer this permit to 

the operation and maintenance phase is received, will not adversely impact onsite or offsite 

properties. 

GENERAL CONDITIONS 

1. The general conditions attached hereto as Exhibit "A" are hereby incorporated into this permit by reference 

and the Permittee shall comply with them. 

Michelle K. Hopkins, P.E. 

Authorized Signature 

6 

Page 130 of 139 
†
9774 G2753 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT A 

GENERAL CONDITIONS. 

Page 131 of 139 

1 

The following general conditions are binding on all individual permits issued under this chapter, except where the 

conditions are not applicable to the authorized activity, or where the conditions must be modified to accommodate, 

project-specific conditions. 

a. 

b. 

c. 

d. 

f. 

All activities shall be implemented following the plans, specifications and performance criteria approved by 

this permit. Any deviations must be authorized in a permit modification in accordance with Rule 62-330.315, 

F.A.C., or the permit may be revoked and the permittee may be subject to enforcement action. 

A complete copy of this permit shall be kept at the work site of the permitted activity during the construction 

phase, and shall be available for review at the work site upon request by the Agency staff. The permittee 

shall require the contractor to review the complete permit prior to beginning construction. 

Activities shall be conducted in a manner that does not cause or contribute to violations of state water quality 

standards. Performance-based erosion and sediment control best management practices shall be installed 

immediately prior to, and be maintained during and after construction as needed} to prevent adverse impacts 

to the water resources and adjacent lands. Such practices shall be in accordance with the State of Florida 

Erosion and Sediment Control Designer and Reviewer Manual (Florida Department of Environmental 

Protection and Florida Department of Transponation June 2007), and the Florida Stormwater Erosion and 

Sedimentation Control Inspector's Manual (Florida Department of Environmental Protection, Nonpoint Source 

Management Section, Tallahassee, Florida, July 2008), which are both incorporated by reference in 

subparagraph 62-330.050(8)(b)5, F.A.C., unless a project-specific erosion and sediment control plan is 

approved or other water quality control measures are required as part of the permit. 

At least 48 hours prior to beginning the authorized activities, the permittee shall submit to the Agency a fully 

executed Form 62-330.350(1), "Construction Commencement Notice,"[effective date], incorporated by 

reference herein (<http://www.flrules.org/Gateway/reference.asp?No=Ref-02505> ), indicating the expected 

stan and completion dates. A copy of this form may be obtained from the Agency, as described in subsection 

62-330.010(5), F.A.C. If available, an Agency website that fulfills this notification requirement may be used in 

lieu of the form. 

Unless the permit is transferred under Rule 62-330.340, F.A.C., or transferred to an operating entity under 

Rule 62-330.310, F.A.C., the permittee is liable to comply with the plans, terms and conditions of the permit 

for the life of the project or activity. 

Within 30 days after completing construction of the entire project, or any independent portion of the project, 

the permittee shall provide the following to the Agency, as applicable: 

1. 

2. 

3. 

For an individual, private single-family residential dwelling unit, duplex, triplex, or quadruplex - 

"Construction Completion and Inspection Certification for Activities Associated with a Private 

Single-Family Dwelling Unit" [Form 62-330.310(3)]; or 

For all other activities "As-Built Certification and Request for Conversion to Operational Phase" [Form 

62-330.310(1)]. 

If available, an Agency website that fulfills this certification requirement may be used in lieu of the form. 

If the final operation and maintenance entity is a third party: 

1. Prior to sales of any lot or unit served by the activity and within one year of permit issuance, or within 30 

days of as- built certification, whichever comes first, the permittee shall submit, as applicable, a copy of 

the operation and maintenance documents (see sections 12.3 thru 12.3.3 of Volume l) as filed with the 

Department of State, Division of Corporations and a copy of any easement, plat, or deed restriction 

7 
†
9774 G2754 

OR BK 

h. 

j. 

k. 

m. 

n. 

Page 132 of 139 

2. 

needed to operate or maintain the project, as recorded with the Clerk of the Court in the County in which 

the activity is located. 

Within 30 days of submittal of the as- built certification, the permittee shall submit "Request for Transfer 

of Environmental Resource Permit to the Perpetual Operation Entity" [Form to transfer the 

permit to the operation and maintenance entity, along with the documentation requested in the form. If 

available, an Agency website that fulfills this transfer requirement may be used in lieu of the form. 

The permittee shall notify the Agency in writing of changes required by any other regulatory agency that 

require changes to the permitted activity, and any required modification of this permit must be obtained prior 

to implementing the changes. 

This permit does not: 

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

Convey to the permittee any property rights or privileges, or any other rights or privileges other than 

those specified herein or in Chapter 62-330, F.A.C.; 

Convey to the permittee or create in the permittee any interest in real property; 

Relieve the permittee from the need to obtain and comply with any other required federal, state, and local 

authorization, law, rule, or ordinance; or 

Authorize any entrance upon or work on property that is not owned, held in easement, or controlled by 

the permittee. 

Prior to conducting any activities on state-owned submerged lands or other lands of the state, title to which is 

vested in the Board of Trustees of the Internat Improvement Trust Fund, the permittee must receive all 

necessary approvals and authorizations under Chapters 253 and 258, F.S. Written authorization that 

requires formal execution by the Board of Trustees of the Internal Improvement Trust Fund shall not be 

considered received until it has been fully executed. 

The permittee shall hold and save the Agency harmless from any and all damages, claims, or liabilities that 

may arise by reason of the construction, alteration, operation, maintenance, removal, abandonment or use of 

any project authorized by the permit. 

The permittee shall notify the Agency in writing: 

1. 

2. 

Immediately if any previously submitted information is discovered to be inaccurate; and 

Within 30 days of any conveyance or division of ownership or control of the property or the system, other 

than conveyance via a long-term lease, and the new owner shall request transfer of the permit in 

accordance with Rule 62-330.340, F.A.C. This does not apply to the sale of lots or units in residential or 

commercial subdivisions or condominiums where the stormwater management system has been 

completed and converted to the operation phase. 

Upon reasonable notice to the permittee, Agency staff with proper identification shall have permission to 

enter, inspect, sample and test the project or activities to ensure conformity with the 

plans and specifications authorized in the permit. 

If any prehistoric or historic artifacts, such as pottery or ceramics, stone tools or metal implements, dugout 

canoes, or any other physical remains that could be associated with Native American cultures, or early 

colonial or American settlement are encountered at any time within the project site area , work involving 

subsurface disturbance in the immediate vicinity of such discoveries shall cease. The permittee or other 

designee shall contact the Florida Department of State, Division of Historical Resources, Compliance and 

Review Section, at (850) 245-6333 or (800) 847-7278, as well as the appropriate permitting agency office. 

Such subsurface work shall not resume without verbal or written authorization from the Division of Historical 

Resources. If unmarked human remains are encountered, all work shall stop immediately and notification 

8 
†
9774 G2755 

OR BK 

shall be provided in accordance with Section 872.05, F.S. (2012). 

2. 

Page 133 of 139 

o. 

p. 

q. 

r, 

Any delineation of the extent of a wetland or other surface water submitted as part of the permit application, 

including plans or other supporting documentation, shall not be considered binding unless a specific 

condition of this permit or a formal determination under Rule 62-330.201 , F,A.C., provides otherwise. 

The permittee shall provide routine maintenance of all components of the stormwater management system to 

remove trapped sediments and debris. Removed materials shall be disposed of in a landfill or other uplands 

in a manner that does not require a permit under Chapter 62-330, F.A.C., or cause violations of state water 

quality standards. 

This permit is issued based on the applicant's submitted information that reasonably demonstrates that 

adverse water resource-related impacts will not be caused by the completed permit activity. If any adverse 

impacts result, the Agency witl require the permittee to eliminate the cause, obtain any necessary permit 

modification, and take any necessary corrective actions to resolve the adverse impacts. 

A Recorded Notice of Environmental Resource Permit may be recorded in the county public records in 

accordance with Rule 62-330.090(7), F.A.C. Such notice is not an encumbrance upon the property. 

In addition to those general conditions in subsection (1) above, the Agency shall impose any additional project- 

specific special conditions necessary to assure the permitted activities will not be harmful to the water resources, 

as set forth in Rules 62-330.301 and 62-330.302, F.A.C., Volumes I and Il, as applicable, and the rules 

incorporated by reference in this chapter. 

9 
†
9774 G2756 

OR BK 

SOUTHWEST FLORIDA 

WATER MANAGEMENT DISTRICT 

NOTICE OF 

AUTHORIZATION 

TO COMMENCE CONSTRUCTION 

Bexley North Parcel 5 Phase 1 

PROJECT NAME 

Residential 

PROJECT TYPE 

Pasco 

COUNTY 

S09/T26S/R18E... 

See Permit for additional STR listings 

Pulte Home Company, LLC 

Page 134 of 139 

PERMITTEE 

752804 / 43013740.017 

APPLICATION ID/PERMIT NO: 

DATE ISSUED: 

January 10, 2018 

See permit for additional permittees 

Michelle K. Hopkins, P.E. 

Issuing Authority 

THIS NOTICE SHOULD BE CONSPICUOUSLY 

DISPLAYED AT THE SITE OF THE WORK 

10 
†
9774 G2757 

OR BK 

Notice of Rights 

ADMINISTRATIVE HEARING 

Page 135 of 139 

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

You or any person whose substantial interests are or may be affected by the District's intended or proposed 

action may request an administrative hearing on that action by filing a written petition in accordance with 

Sections 120.569 and 120.57, Florida Statutes (F.s.), Uniform Rules of Procedure Chapter 28-106, Florida 

Administrative Code (F.A.C.) and District Rule 40D-1.1010, F.A.C. Unless otherwise provided by law, a petition 

for administrative hearing must be filed with (received by) the District within 21 days of receipt of written notice of 

agency action. "Written notice" means either actual written notice, or newspaper publication of notice, that the 

District has taken or intends to take agency action. "Receipt of written notice" is deemed to be the fifth day after 

the date on which actual notice is deposited in the United States mail, if notice is mailed to you, or the date that 

actual notice is issued, if sent to you by electronic mail or delivered to you, or the date that notice is published in 

a newspaper, for those persons to whom the District does not provide actual notice. 

Pursuant to Subsection 373.427(2)(c), F.S., for notices of intended or proposed agency action on a 

consolidated application for an environmental resource permit and use of state-owned submerged lands 

concurrently reviewed by the District, a petition for administrative hearing must be filed with (received by) the 

District within 14 days of receipt of written notice. 

Pursuant to Rule 62-532.430, F.A.C., for notices of intent to deny a well construction permit, a petition for 

administrative hearing must be filed with (received by) the District within 30 days of receipt of written notice of 

intent to deny. 

Any person who receives written notice of an agency decision and who fails to file a written request for a hearing 

within 21 days of receipt or other period as required by law waives the right to request a hearing on such 

matters. 

Mediation pursuant to Section 120.573, F.S., to settle an administrative dispute regarding District intended or 

proposed action is not available prior to the filing of a petition for hearing. 

A request or petition for administrative hearing must comply with the requirements set forth in Chapter 28-106, 

F.A.C. A request or petition for a hearing must: (1) explain how the substantial interests of each person 

requesting the hearing will be affected by the District's intended action or proposed action, (2) state all material 

facts disputed by the person requesting the hearing or state that there are no material facts in dispute, and (3) 

otherwise comply with Rules 28-106.201 and 28-106.301, F.A.C. Chapter 28-106, F.A.C. can be viewed at 

www.flrules.org or at the District's website at www.WaterMatters.org/permits/rules. 

A petition for administrative hearing is deemed filed upon receipt of the complete petition by the District Agency 

Clerk at the District's Tampa Service Office during normal business hours, which are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., 

Monday through Friday, excluding District holidays. Filings with the District Agency Clerk may be made by mail, 

hand-delivery or facsimile transfer (fax). The District does not accept petitions for administrative hearing by 

electronic mail. Mailed filings must be addressed to, and hand-delivered filings must be delivered to, the Agency 

Clerk, Southwest Florida Water Management District, 7601 Highway 301 North, Tampa,FL 33637-6759. Faxed 

filings must be transmitted to the District Agency Clerk at (813) 367-9776. Any petition not received during 

normal business hours shall be filed as of 8:00 a.m. on the next business day. The District's acceptance of 

faxed petitions for filing is subject to certain conditions set forth in the District's Statement of Agency Organization 

and Operation, available for viewing at www.WaterMatters.org/about. 

11 
†
9774 G2758 

OR BK 

JUDICIAL REVIEW 

Page 136 of 139 

2. 

Pursuant to Sections 120.60(3) and 120.68, F.S., a party who is adversely affected by District action may seek 

judicial review of the District's action. Judicial review shall be sought in the Fifth District Court of Appeal or in the 

appellate district where a party resides or as otherwise provided by law. 

All proceedings shall be instituted by filing an original notice of appeal with the District Agency Clerk within 30 

days after the rendition of the order being appealed, and a copy of the notice of appeal, accompanied by any 

filing fees prescribed by law, with the clerk of the court, in accordance with Rules 9.110 and 9.190 of the Florida 

Rules of Appellate Procedure (Fla. R. App. P.). Pursuant to Fla. R. App. P. 9.020(h), an order is rendered when 

a signed written order is filed with the clerk of the lower tribunal. 

12 
†
9774 G2759 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 5 

ADDITIONAL PROPERTY 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 137 of 139 
†
9774 G2760 

OR BK 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco County, 

Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest Corner of said Section 15; Thence along the West boundary of said 

Section 15, N.OOOI 740"E., a distance of 2708.68 feet; thence leaving said West Boundary, 

S.8904220"E., a distance of 200.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING; thence N.00017t40"E., a 

distance of 118.08 feet; thence Northerly, 1316.81 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having 

a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 3401740" (chord bearing N. 1 605 1 '1 0" W. , 1297.24 feet); 

thence N.34000f00"W., a distance of 3 16.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 488.69 feet along the arc of a 

tangent curve to the right having a radius of 2000.00 feet and a central angle of 1400000" (chord bearing 

N.27000'00"W., 487.48 feet); thence N.20000'00"W., a distance of 316.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 

1814.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central 

angle of 47015'OO't (chord bearing N.43037'30"W., 1763.29 feet); thence N.22045tOO"E., a distance of 

25.00 feet; thence N.0200ff00"W., a distance of 1730.04 feet; thence N. 10045'00"W., a distance of 

752.72 feet; thence Northeasterly, 1 106.69 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a 

radius of 1371.00 feet and a central angle of 46015100" (chord bearing N.56007'30"E., 1076.89 feet); 

thence N.33000'00"E., a distance of 298.39 feet; thence Northeasterly, 448.93 feet along the arc of a 

tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 1 8000'00" (chord bearing 

N.42000100"E., 447.09 feet); thence N.51 OOOTOO"E., a distance of 109.14 feet; thence Easterly, 39.27 

feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 

90000'00" (chord bearing S.84000'00"E., 35.36 feet); thence S.39000'00"E., a distance of 28.69 feet; 

thence Southeasterly, 546.26 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 

feet and a central angle of 21054108" (chord bearing S.28002f56"E., 542.94 feet); thence Southeasterly, 

1505.37 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central 

angle of 54054108" (chord bearing S.44032'56"E., 1448.43 feet); thence S. 72000'00"E., a distance of 

275.00 feet; thence Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a 

radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 44059143" (chord bearing S.4903ff08"E., 1093.60 feet); 

thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 

feet and a central angle of 26059'43" (chord bearing S.40030'08"E., 733.36 feet); thence Southeasterly, 

1361.32 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central 

angle of 54034155" (chord bearing 1310.42 feet); thence S.00034f55"W., a distance of 

554.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius 

of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 90000100" (chord bearing S.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet); thence 

N.89025'05"W., a distance of 174.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 1 3 19.35 feet along the arc of a tangent 

curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 feet and a central angle of 70034155" (chord bearing 

S.55017'28"W., 1237.50 feet); thence S.20000T00'tW., a distance of 1257.25 feet; thence Southwesterly, 

1257.28 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central 

angle of 5002439" (chord bearing S.45012'1 9"W., 1217.12 feet); thence S. 7002439" W. , a distance of 

75.50 feet; thence Northwesterly, 67.12 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius 

of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 1 09053'01 " (chord bearing N.54038'51 "W., 57.30 feet) to the POINT 

OF BEGINNING. 

LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco County, 

Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest corner of said Section 15, run thence along the West boundary of said 

Section 15, N.0001740"E., 2702.53 feet; thence S.8904220"E., 183.00 feet to the POINT OF 

BEGINNING; thence N.OOOI 7'40"E., a distance of 124.23 feet; thence Northerly, 1306.64 feet along 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 138 of 139 
†
9774 G2761 

OR BK 

the arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 2183.00 feet and a central angle of 3401740" 

(chord bearing N. 16051 '1 0" W. , 1287.22 feet); thence N.34000'00"W., a distance of 3 16.72 feet; thence 

Northwesterly, 492.85 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 2017.00 feet 

and a central angle of 14000100" (chord bearing N.27000100"W., 491.62 feet); thence a 

distance of 3 16.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 1507.93 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left 

having a radius of 21 83.00 feet and a central angle of 39034'40" (chord bearing N.3904T20"W., 1478.13 

feet); thence N.30025'20"E., a distance of 41.56 feet; thence a distance of 55.73 feet; 

thence N. 74009'53"E., a distance of 55.73 feet; thence N.61058' 1 6"E., a distance of 20.82 feet; thence 

s.53036105 

s.02035too 

S. 1800734 

s.35059'00 

s.53055f00 

N.6901 1 '00 

Page 139 of 139 

a distance of 407.50 feet; thence N. 7000711 "E. , 

N.65007'OO"E., 

a distance of 52.16 feet; thence S. 72045'00"E., 

N.89000fOO"E., 

a distance of 45.53 feet; thence S.38045'00"E., 

S.55045'OO"E., 

a distance of 45.53 feet; thence S.04045f00"E., 

S.21045'OO"E., 

a distance of 49.10 feet; thence S.09000100"W., 

S.08014'46"W., 

s.81 OOO'OO"E., a distance of 121.00 feet; thence N.09000'OO"E., 

a distance of 187.26 feet; thence N.57045t00"E., 

S.81 OOO'OOf'E., 

a distance of 53.29 

a distance of 45.53 

a distance of 45.53 

a distance of 45.53 

a distance of 100.00 

a distance of 46.47 

a distance of 575.76 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

Southeasterly, 421.00 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 540.00 feet 

and a central angle of 4404012" (chord bearing S.55012133"E., 410.42 feet); thence N. 1202721 "E., a 

distance of 80.00 feet; thence Easterly, 550.91 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the right 

having a radius of 2040.00 feet and a central angle of 15028123" (chord bearing S.69048'28"E., 549.24 

feet); thence S.27055'44"W., a distance of 80.00 feet; thence Southeasterly, 60.27 feet along the arc of 

a non-tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1960.00 feet and a central angle of 01045143" (chord 

bearing S.6101 1 '25"E., 60.27 feet); thence s.33056100"W., 

a distance of 70.63 

s.630 

N .890 

S.61058132 

s.33056100' 

s.01056'00 

S.33016tOO 

s.78052'00 

N.65056tOO 

N.33056'OO 

S.27021 '56' 

S.71051'OOt 

2627 

"E., 

"E., 

"W., 

"E., 

a distance of 56.65 

a distance of 52.74 

a distance of 55.73 

a distance of 64.16 

a distance of 64.16 

a distance of 55.73 

a distance of 52.74 

a distance of 20.29 

a distance of 57.98 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

thence S.430 

26100' 

thence S. 190 

3200' 

thence S. 150 

40T00"E., 

thence S.560 

04100"E., 

thence N.830 

3200 

thence N.480 

20'00 

thence N.240 

26'00f 

IE., 

thence S.590 

23 '00 

"E., 

thence S.680 

thence S.080 

12'45"W., 

thence S.060 

1826 

thence S.270 

O I TOO"E., 

thence S .440 

57'OO"E., 

thence S.620 

53tOO"E., 

thence S.800 

49'OO"E., 

thence N.78055'3Y'E., 

thence S.490 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance of 36.15 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 75.98 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 77.33 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

of 50.70 

of 50.60 

of 55.73 

of 72.59 

of 55.73 

of 50.60 

of 50.70 

of 57.98 

of 57.98 

of 50.01 

of 75.98 

of 65.97 

of 65.97 

of 65.97 

of 65.97 

of 77.33 

of 73.06 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

Southwesterly, 377.18 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 

feet and a central angle of 20010141 " (chord bearing S.30005'21 "W. , 375.23 feet); thence S.20000'00"W., 

a distance of 1257.25 feet; thence Southwesterly, 1257.28 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the 

right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 5002439" (chord bearing S.45012'19" W. , 

1217.12 feet); thence S. 7002439" W. , a distance of 93.58 feet; thence Northwesterly, 67.12 feet along 

the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 109053'01 " 

(chord bearing N.54038'5 1 57.30 feet) to the POINT OF BEGINNING. 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

DESIGN
GUIDELINES
Original Version
Approved by BOD
November ‚Äì 2018
First Amendment 7-9-2019 ‚Äì Fences
Second Amendment 10-11-2019 ‚Äì Birdcage
Third Amendment 11-26-2019 ‚Äì Birdcage/Roofs
Fourth Amendment ‚Äì Screen Patio/Lanai, Front Screen Door, Prohibited Structures and Trees
Fifth Amendment 8-10-2020 ‚Äì Lighting and Paint
Sixth Amendment ‚Äì Ground Mounted Mechanical Equipment
Seventh Amendment ‚Äì 9-14-2020 ‚Äì Generators
Eighth Amendment ‚Äì 1-15-2021 ‚Äì Appendix A
Ninth Amendment ‚Äì 2-22-2021 ‚Äì Pool, Spas, Jacuzzis
10th Amendment ‚Äì 3-17-2021 ‚Äì Front Doors
11th Amendment ‚Äì 3-23-2021 ‚Äì Garage Door Screens and Request for Structural Changes and Additions
12th Amendment ‚Äì 4-9-2021 ‚Äì Pools, Spas, Jacuzzis
13th Amendment ‚Äì 5-4-2021 ‚Äì Front Doors, Plant Bed Edging and Exterior Balconies
14th Amendment 7-13-2021- Front Storm Door, Fences, Plant Bed Edging
11-2018
2
15th Amendment 2-8-2022- Front Screen Door, Retractable Front Door Screen, Building Attachments, Birdcages, Covered Patio, Lanai Rear Elevation Only, Pool Enclosures, Fence and Mulch Requirements, Shutters
16th Amendment 12-7-2022- Front Screen Door, Accordion Shutters, Fences
ALL CHANGES to the exterior of any home or the landscape of any lot MUST BE APPROVED IN WRITING by the Architectural Review Committee (ARC) or the Community Association Management staff before any work is started.
Each Owner is required to submit plans to and receive written approval from the ARC prior to performing any changes whatsoever to the exterior of their home or lot site. It shall be the responsibility of each Owner to comply with all standards and requirements of these Design Guidelines, as well as all requirements of the Declaration. The Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley shall prevail over any discrepancies found in these Design Guidelines.
Table of Contents
I. INTRODUCTION‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶ 4
A. Authority 5
B. County Requirements 5
C. Required Approvals 6
D. Installation without Proper Approval 6
E. Warranty Effect 6
II. ARCHITECTURAL REVIEW COMMITTEE AND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY OWNER REQUIREMENTS‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶ 7
A. Residential Property Owners 7
B. Request for Structural Changes and Additions 7
1. Request for Landscape Changes 7
2. Structural Changes 8
C. Architectural Review Committee Review Process 9
III. RESIDENTIAL DESIGN GUIDELINES‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶. 9
A. Modifications to the Structure 10
1. Homes 10
2. Height 10
3. Setback Lines 11
4. Allowed Materials 11
5. Lot Drainage / Roof Drainage 11
6. Roof and Roof Pitch / Slope 11
7. Covered Patio/Lanai 11
8. Front Screen Door 12
9. Exterior Balcony 12
11-2018
3
B. Modifications to the Exterior of the Home 12
1. Air-Conditioning Units 12
2. Ground-Mounted Mechanical Equipment 12
3. Awnings 13
4. Barbecues 13
5. Building Attachments, Birdcages, Pool Enclosures 13
6. Clotheslines 14
7. Door Ornaments 15
8. Driveways, Sidewalk, Entry and Patio 15
9. Flags and Flagpoles 15
10. Front Doors 17
11. Fences 18
12. Furniture ‚Äì Outdoor 19
13. Garage Doors 19
14. Generators 19
15. Lightning Protection Systems 19
16. Lighting 20
17. Mailboxes 21
18. Outdoor Kitchen 21
19. Paint 21
20. Pergolas 21
21. Pools, Spas, Jacuzzi‚Äôs 22
22. Prohibited Structures 22
23. Replacement Roof Shingles 23
24. Satellite Dishes, Antennas, Internet Receivers 23
25. Shutters 24
26. Signs ‚Äì See also Article XIII, Section 18 of the Declaration 24
27. Storage of Tools, Machinery 25
28. Trash Containers 25
29. Wall Decorations; Wall Fountains 25
30. Retaining Walls 25
31. Water Softeners / Purifier Systems 26
32. Window Coverings 26
33. Window Treatments, Tinting 26
34. Solar Tubes and Panels (Roof Mounted) 26
35. Stone Veneer on Front Elevations 25
C. Modifications to the Landscape ‚Äì Living Things and Mulch Materials 27
1. Dead or Diseased Landscape 27
2. Mix of Plantings 27
3. Mulch Materials 27
4. Mulch Materials ‚Äì Designs 27
5. Permitted Ground Cover 27
6. Plastic Sheeting 28
7. Restrictions on Paved Cover 28
8. Lake or Retention Pond Lots 28
9. Rock Yards 28
10. Florida Friendly 28
11-2018
4
11. Shrubs 29
12. Trees 29
13. Turf Grass (Sod) 29
14. Uniformity 30
D. Modifications to the Landscape - Additional Items - Non-Living 30
1. Arbors 30
2. Artifacts 31
3. Birdbaths 31
4. Birds 31
5. Fire Features (Barbeques, Chimneys, Fire Pits, and Fireplaces) 31
6. Flowers - Artificial 31
7. Fountains 31
8. Holiday Decorations 32
9. Planting Pots 33
10. Ponds 33
11. Statues 33
12. Trellises 33
13. Plant Bed Edging 33
EXHIBIT A TURF GRASS REQUIREMENTS‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶. 34
APPENDIX A COMMONLY USED ORNAMENTAL LANDSCAPING‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶... 35
APPENDIX B FLORIDA FRIENDLY PLANTS‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶.. 38
I. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to Del Webb Bexley.
Del Webb Bexley is an active adult community designed to respect the visual character of its development and to minimize environmental impacts. The Board has adopted these Design Guidelines to sustain these principles and fulfill the below objectives:
‚Ä¢ To preserve and maintain the inherent qualities of the community and individual neighborhoods while allowing for the design and construction of individual homes.
‚Ä¢ To advocate the protection and promotion of property values through the establishment of written standards.
‚Ä¢ To exercise architectural control within the Community by reviewing improvement modification requests submitted by residents for their property.
The Design Guidelines provide an overall framework to allow the community to develop and progress in an orderly and cohesive manner, implementing planning concepts and philosophy which are required by regulatory agencies and desirable to residents. The Design Guidelines include minimum standards for the design, size, location, style, structure, materials, color, mode of architecture, mode of landscaping and relevant criteria for the construction and modifications of improvements of any nature. They also establish a process for judicious review of proposed new developments and changes within the community.
11-2018
5
The Design Guidelines have been prepared by Pulte Home Company, LLC as the developer (hereinafter called the ‚ÄúDeclarant‚Äù) pursuant to the Community Declaration, as amended, for Del Webb Bexley (‚ÄúDeclaration‚Äù) recorded in the Public Records Pasco County, Florida. They may be changed and amended to serve the needs of an evolving community pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Declaration and in these Design Guidelines.
The Declarant established the Del Webb Bexley Community Association, Inc. (hereinafter called the ‚ÄúAssociation‚Äù) and established the Architectural Review Committee (ARC) which is authorized to oversee administration of these Design Guidelines. Adherence to the standards contained in these Design Guidelines will contribute to the continuation of the inherent and natural attributes of the community as a highly desirable place to live.
A. Authority
The Developer shall have the exclusive authority to administer and enforce architectural controls and to review and act upon all applications for original construction within Del Webb Bexley. There shall be no surrender of this right except in a written instrument in recordable form executed by the Developer.
Please be reminded that the Design Guidelines serve only as a supplement to the Community Association Governing Documents.
To the extent that any government ordinance, building code, or regulation requires a more restrictive standard than that found in these Design Guidelines or the Declaration, the government ordinance, building code, or regulation shall prevail.
To the extent that the government ordinance, building code, or regulation is less restrictive than these Design Guidelines or the Declaration, then the Declaration and Design Guidelines shall prevail.
B. County Requirements
Approval by the ARC shall not relieve the Property Owner or Resident of the requirement, if any, to secure necessary permits, authorizations, inspections, etc., required by any governmental body or organization BEFORE beginning work on a project. Owners are advised that Pasco County, as applicable, may require certain permits depending on the proposed change, alteration, or addition. It is the Owner‚Äôs responsibility to comply with permit requirements.
Further, by approving an application, neither the ARC nor the Association, is guaranteeing or taking a position with regard to the appropriateness, completeness, sufficiency, format, or any other standard regarding the acceptability of any filing made with a governmental body or organization.
If that agency requires modification to such plans, such modifications must also be approved by the ARC for the Owner to remain in compliance with these Design Guidelines.
11-2018
6
Before planning any modifications to your home or landscaping requiring approvals under these Design Guidelines, we encourage you to consult with the appropriate governmental agency to determine the applicable governmental requirements.
C. Required Approvals
As described in the Declaration and/or the Design Guidelines, an Owner is required to submit an application to the Architectural Review Committee hereinafter referred (ARC) and receive written approval of plans before making any changes to their home, including, but not limited to:
1. Making external changes or improvements.
2. Modifying or adding to existing structure (including any exterior painting).
3. Installing a pool or spa or other water features.
4. Constructing or installing fences, decks, patios, or hardscape such as paving, walls, brick, masonry, landscape timbers, wood trim, concrete, rocks, flagstone, permanent outdoor barbecues, fireplaces, fountains, or other water features or any inert material.
5. Landscape, alteration of grading or drainage.
6. Placement of any object, including furniture, ornament, monument, statue or similar accessory upon a lot that is visible from the street or by neighbors, including lighting, flags, satellite dishes, or lawn ornaments.
It is the responsibility of each Owner to comply with all requirements of these Design Guidelines in addition to the Declaration and any applicable Supplemental Declarations.
D. Installation without Proper Approval
Each application must be submitted to the Architectural Review Committee for approval prior to commencing any work. Samples of proposed materials should be submitted to the Architectural Review Committee for approval along with the application. Each application must have a sketch rendering the final appearance, including existing and new modification after the modification has been completed if so requested by the ARC. Modifications made prior to issuance of the Architectural Review Committee‚Äôs written approval will not receive automatic approval and Owners will be required to remove the modification if it is not within the specified guidelines. A time limit for correction will be established by the Architectural Review Committee on a case by case basis.
E. Warranty Effect
Neither the Del Webb Bexley Community Association nor the Architectural Review Committee makes any representation regarding the effect that any modification application has on the home warranty provided by Pulte Home Company, LLC to the homeowner. Both the Del Webb Bexley Community Association and the Architectural Review Committee advise the homeowner to contact their Customer Relations Manager to determine whether their requested modification(s) may have an adverse effect on their home warranty.
11-2018
7
II. ARCHITECTURAL REVIEW COMMITTEE AND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY OWNER REQUIREMENTS
The Architectural Review Committee has been established to maintain the integrity of the architectural and design character established by the Board of Directors at Del Webb Bexley, and the board shall have the exclusive authority to appoint and remove all members of the Architectural Review Committee.
A. Residential Property Owners
Each Owner is required to submit plans to and receive written approval from the Architectural Review Committee prior to performing any changes whatsoever to the exterior of their home or lot. It shall be the responsibility of each Owner to comply with all standards and requirements of these Design Guidelines, as well as all requirements of the Declaration.
B. Request for Structural Changes and Additions
All applications submitted for additions, alterations or modifications regarding the exterior of any existing home, whether it be landscape related or structure related, must be accompanied by a copy of the Contractor‚Äôs License and Liability Insurance,
The Owner shall submit a completed Exterior Architectural Review form and plans for the proposed improvement as follows:
1. Request for Landscape Changes
For landscape changes, Owners shall submit a copy of the plan(s), which should include the following items:
a. The Owners name, section name and number, lot number, street address, name, address and phone number of the landscape designer/company and a copy of their business license and insurance.
b. A plot plan showing north arrow, scale of drawing, existing site features with labels, trees (size and type), shrubs, lot lines, all adjacent land uses, i.e., common area, boulevard, and edge of streets.
c. Show proposed site features with labels and/or legend for home, service area(s), including but not limited to deck(s), patio(s), walk(s) and drive including any additional hardscape that Owner desires, such as brick, masonry, landscape timbers, wood edging, concrete, rocks, or other inert materials.
d. Provide a plant list with the following information: Plant key for any abbreviations used, scientific and/or common names including the varieties, quantity, size and spacing.
11-2018
8
e. Proposed plant list including locations of proposed trees, shrubs, ground covers, mulching and grassing (all clearly labeled). Indicate center of proposed plant with a ‚Äú+‚Äù and the center of an existing plant with an ‚Äúo‚Äù.
f. Amendments to a previously approved plan should clearly indicate existing plantings to be removed, as well as the proposed replacements or additions.
g. List specifically on the Architectural Review form any non-living additions to landscape plans, i.e., bird bath, statue, etc., showing size, materials, colors, etc.
h. An estimated timeframe for completion of the landscaping changes and, if applicable, a description of the estimated completion time/date for each phase of the work to be done.
2. Structural Changes
For changes or additions to the home, Owner shall submit:
a. The Owners name, section name and number, lot number, street address, name, address and phone number of the contractor and a copy of their business license and insurance.
b. A plot or survey plan showing north arrow, scale of drawing, existing site features with labels, lot lines, all adjacent land uses, i.e., common area, boulevard, and edge of streets.
c. An estimated completion date and schedule.
d. Owner or contractor shall draw the proposed changes or additions to the exterior elevation. If Owner has a photograph of another house, or picture out of a magazine that will assist the Architectural Review Committee, such photo should be submitted.
e. The application should contain a description of the materials Owner plans to use in such changes or additions. Samples should also be submitted.
f. If the change or addition affects the roof or roofline, a roof plan should also be submitted. See Section III. A. 6, ‚ÄúRoof and Roof Pitch / Slope‚Äù.
Any permit issued, or approval by the appropriate county agency shall in no manner whatsoever bind the Architectural Review Committee with respect to approval or denial of any application or items submitted for consideration. The Architectural Review Committee shall be fully independent and will have full authority for approval or denial of any such matters.
11-2018
9
C. Architectural Review Committee Review Process
The Architectural Review Committee shall review such submittals without a hearing and based solely on the information contained within each submittal. The Architectural Review Committee shall respond within forty-five (45) days or the application shall be deemed disapproved.
Upon completion of review by the Architectural Review Committee, the Architectural Review Committee‚Äôs decision shall be rendered in writing in one of the following three forms:
1. ‚ÄúApproved‚Äù ‚Äì The entire document submitted is approved in total
2. ‚ÄúApproved with Conditions Noted Below‚Äù ‚Äì The document submitted is partially approved. An Owner may proceed with the work to be performed and is responsible for compliance with any and all notations on the submittal.
3. ‚ÄúNot Approved‚Äù ‚Äì The entire document submitted is not approved and no work may commence.
An appeal must be made to the Architectural Review Committee. It is recommended that the Owner appear before the Architectural Review Committee at the time of the appeal.
If the requested modification is again ‚ÄúNot Approved‚Äù by the Architectural Review Committee, the Owner may submit an appeal in writing to the Association‚Äôs Board of Directors within thirty (30) days of the final decision of the Architectural Review Committee. The decision of the Board of Directors shall be final on all matters submitted to it.
III. RESIDENTIAL DESIGN GUIDELINES
NOTE: ALL CHANGES to the exterior of any home or the landscape of any lot MUST BE APPROVED IN WRITING by the Architectural Review Committee before any work is started. Any changes to any home, whether or not subject to approval hereunder, may change, impact or void home warranties granted to Owners. Any approvals granted hereunder may not consider the impact of proposed changes on existing warranties and shall not be deemed to conform to any existing warranties benefiting Owners.
Each Owner is required to submit plans to and receive written approval from the Architectural Review Committee prior to performing any changes whatsoever to the exterior of their home or lot site. It shall be the responsibility of each Owner to comply with all standards and requirements of these Design Guidelines, as well as all requirements of the Declaration.
All approved modifications shall be commenced and completed within one (1) year of approval. If modifications are not completed within the one (1) year time frame, Owner will have to reapply under the then current Design Guidelines. All approved modifications shall proceed to completion once commenced and the failure of any Owner to complete any approved modifications within the timeframe for their completion, as approved by the Architectural Review Committee, shall result in the automatic disapproval of the proposed completions. Once any approved modifications have become disapproved as a result of an Owner‚Äôs failure to
11-2018
10
complete the modifications within the approved timeframe, the Owner shall be required to resubmit and obtain approval of its planned modifications to the Architectural Review Committee in accordance with the procedures set forth herein and in the Declaration before any additional work may proceed.
‚Ä¢ ARC Inspections:
Periodic inspections may be made (but shall not be required to be made) by a representative of the ARC during or after completion of the modifications to determine compliance with the application submitted for the project, Design Documents, and the Design Guidelines. Residents are required to provide reasonable access, be present upon request, and cooperate fully with members of the ARC and its representatives. Residents are obligated to take remedial action as may be required by the Association to bring violations into compliance.
‚Ä¢ Damage to Community Improvements:
Residents shall be responsible for the cost and repair or replacement of any improvements in the Common Areas or neighboring properties that are damaged or destroyed by Resident, or Resident‚Äôs agent(s), employees, contractors, subcontractors, or suppliers. Owners are responsible for the cost and expense for any repairs or replacement that may be required to restore improvements to their original condition. Affected improvements include, but are not limited to, damage to utilities, infrastructure, trees and other landscaping, drainage improvements and facilities, erosion control devices, vertical improvements, streetlights, signage, rights-of-way, sidewalks, curbs and roadways. In the event that Resident fails to complete necessary repairs within the timeframe determined by the Association, the Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to affect such repairs at the Resident‚Äôs cost and expense.
A. Modifications to the Structure
1. Homes
The architectural design of any and all additions, alterations, repainting and renovations to the exterior of any home shall strictly conform to the design of the original home in style, detailing, materials, and color. There will be no structural additions permitted to the front of any home extending beyond the original front line of the home.
2. Height
The height of any addition to an existing home shall not be higher than the original roofline.
3. Setback Lines
An addition to a home shall be built within the front, side and rear setback lines originally established, or as changed by the Declarant with the requisite approval of Pasco County, as applicable, regardless of more lenient requirements of any local governmental authority.
11-2018
11
4. Allowed Materials
All materials used in maintenance, repair, additions, and alterations shall match those used in the original construction of the home as to color, composition, type and method of attachment. The Architectural Review Committee may allow substitute materials if it deems such materials to be compatible with the theme of the community.
5. Lot Drainage / Roof Drainage
When any additions, alterations, or renovations are performed to a home, the established lot drainage shall not be altered.
No Owner or Resident shall alter the natural drainage on any lot to increase materially the drainage of storm water onto adjacent property without the consent of the Owner(s) of the affected property and the Architectural Review Committee. All new or altered roofs shall drain to the ground solely within the deeded lot area. No drainage shall flow directly onto a neighboring property.
6. Roof and Roof Pitch / Slope
No alterations or improvements shall be made which provide an essentially flat or shed-type roof surface. The roof slope of any hard / shingled roof shall be consistent (same pitch / slope) with the existing rooflines and be tied into the existing roof structure. Any roof additions must have the appearance of being part of the original structure.
A request for any hard roof addition must be accompanied by photocopies of the architectural drawings and written specifications that will be submitted to the County.
7. Covered Patio/Lanai Rear Elevation Only
Owners with a covered patio or lanai may later enclose the same with standard charcoal color screen (not to be confused with solar screen) or a combination of windows and standard charcoal color screen. Covered Patio/Lanai must be located along the rear elevation of the home. Any renovation of a covered patio to a screened patio or lanai (or a window/screen combination) shall be made only after application to, and written approval by, the Architectural Review Committee.
When enclosing a covered patio with an existing roof, a knee wall may be added. The knee wall may be no more than twenty-four inches (24‚Äù) high and may be constructed of wood frame or concrete block covered with stucco to match the original structure of the home, or bronze to match the metal framing.
8. Front Screen Door/Doorway
Front screen doors may be added to the front doors of homes with ARC approval. Retractable front door screens are permitted in lieu of a storm door and must follow the same guidelines as such. The screen door must be simple and not have any decorative designs depicting any flora, fauna or human figures. Front doorways located on the home‚Äôs front elevation and which are directly in front of the door may be screened with ARC approval. Summerwood- Screen must be installed behind the stone veneer making the stone veneer completely visible from the street. Stonewater- Screen must be installed behind the stone veneer making the stone veneer completely visible from the street.
11-2018
12
Martin- Screen must be installed from behind the pillars. Pinnacle- Front door only. Taft- Screen may be installed to tie in with the first corner of the breezeway or no more than 6‚Äô from the front door. Steel- Front door only. Contour- Front door only. Hallmark- Front door only. Mystique- Screen must be installed on the inner most portion of the archway closest to the door. The stucco archway must be visible from the street. Mainstay- Screen must be installed no more than 4 feet from the front door within the breezeway. Stardom- Screen must be installed on the inner most portion of the archway closest to the door. Renown- Screen must installed within the first 10‚Äô of the breezeway. Prosperity- Screen must be installed on the inner most portion of the entranceway closest to the door. Stellar- Screen must be installed on the inner most portion of the columns and cannot attach to the corner facing the front elevation.
The screening material must be charcoal in color and the frame must be bronze.
All applications must include pictures of the proposed door.
9. Exterior Balconies
Homes shall only be permitted to include exterior balconies on the ground floor. No second story or higher balconies shall be permitted.
B. Modifications to the Exterior of the Home
1. Air-Conditioning Units
No Owner shall construct, erect, or place on their lot any window air conditioning unit.
2. Ground-Mounted Mechanical Equipment
All ground-mounted mechanical equipment (including, but not limited to HVAC, pool pumps and pool heaters) added after closing requires ARC approval. Proposed location must be indicated on the lot survey when the application is submitted for consideration. The location of ground-mounted mechanical equipment may not create an unreasonable visual or audible nuisance to neighbors and must be screened from view.
Screening for ground-mounted mechanical equipment shall be of a material and color compatible with the design of the residence and must screen the equipment at the time of installation. All screens, whether landscape structures or plant materials, shall allow a minimum of two feet (2‚Äô) clearance from the equipment to allow for adequate air circulation around the equipment. Fence panels are not considered to be acceptable screening for ground-mounted mechanical equipment, unless the panels are screened by plantings from view from the street or side of the house.
If it is determined that the use, presence and noise of the ground-mounted mechanical equipment unreasonably affects the use of surrounding properties, then the ARC may impose additional restrictions (even if the ARC already approved the installation or if the project is completed).
Roof-mounted equipment, including mechanical, air conditioning and heating equipment, will not be allowed except as mandated by Florida Statutes.
11-2018
13
3. Awnings
Motorized, retractable awnings are allowed on the rear of the home to cover a patio. Manual awnings are not allowed. All awnings must have ARC approval prior to installation. The awning must be a solid color that accents the current color of the home and must include a wireless automatic wind sensor. All applications must include pictures of the proposed awning and photographs of the rear of the home where the awning will be installed. All awnings must be kept closed when not in use.
4. Barbecues
Barbecue equipment must be placed in the rear of the home. If the stored barbeque equipment is easily visible from a street that passes either the front or side of a home, then additional landscaping is required so that the equipment cannot be seen.
5. Building Attachments, Birdcages, Pool Enclosures
Birdcage (full screen enclosure over concrete pad) additions shall be allowed. Birdcages must be constructed of bronze metal framing with standard charcoal color screen (not to be confused with solar screen). Bird cages shall not extend beyond the sides of the home. Bird cages shall not be higher than the roof the home. 100% screen windows are permitted within the birdcage and or the extension of the Patio. The windows must have screens and align with these requirements.
a. Acrylic windows only
b. Weather resistant 4-mil (3/16‚Äù) Acrylic
c. Must be 100% charcoal screened
d. Bronze Aluminum
All birdcage additions must be constructed on poured concrete and be anchored in accordance with county building guidelines. A birdcage structure may have an aluminum kick plate that matches the color of the birdcage/enclosure frame.
The roof style of the birdcage should complement the roof style of the home. The following materials can be used for the roof of the birdcage:
a. Standard charcoal color screen
b. Florida glass screen
c. Insulated or corrugated solid roof surface
For screened roofs: Mansard, Gable, and Hip rooftops meet the community standards. Any style of screened roof that is installed by the Developer/Builder is also acceptable.
A solid surface roof extending from the home shall also be permitted in lieu of a screened roof. The roofing material can be insulated/composite (aluminum with a 3‚Äù insulated panel in between, bronze in color to match the birdcage frame). If the roof does not match the birdcage frame, it can be screened from view and hidden under a screened roof.
11-2018
14
Additionally, the solid surface roof can be constructed to extend from the home if a homeowner is extending their lanai and it is tied into the existing roof and the shingles match to provide a seamless look. No solid aluminum or pan roofs shall be permitted.
If a birdcage is installed and the home doesn‚Äôt have a fence, an approved mulch or rock border will be required around the perimeter of the birdcage where the birdcage meets sod. This border will be at the expense of the homeowner and will be maintained at the expense of the homeowner.
6. Clotheslines
No resident shall place, erect, install or construct a Clothesline System on any lot without submitting plans to and receiving written approval from the ARC.
a. As herein used, the term Clothesline Systems shall include the following outdoor systems:
‚Ä¢ Pole-to-pole clotheslines
‚Ä¢ Fixed head rotary clotheslines
‚Ä¢ Folding rotary clotheslines
‚Ä¢ Retractable clotheslines
‚Ä¢ Wall mounted drying racks
‚Ä¢ Fold down drying racks
‚Ä¢ Window mountable clothing drying racks
‚Ä¢ Other systems designed for the outdoor drying of clothes
b. The purpose of this Subsection is to support the use of renewable energy sources while protecting the aesthetics of the community and ensuring the health and safety of the community in the event of a hurricane or other wind storm. Pursuant to Section 163.04, Florida Statutes, the ARC shall not prohibit homeowners from installing a Clothesline System; however, the ARC may oversee the location, size and installation of the Clothesline System, so long as its oversight does not have the effect of prohibiting the Clothesline System.
c. Installation Requirements
i. All materials shall meet or exceed applicable building codes in effect at the time of installation.
ii. To the extent possible, without materially affecting system operation, exterior Clothesline Systems shall be located in the rear yard of the home at least ten (10) feet from any lot line. If possible, the exterior Clothesline Systems must be positioned so they‚Äôre not be visible from the street.
iii. No exterior Clothesline System shall be permanently installed in a setback area.
iv. No exterior Clothesline System shall be attached to trees, perimeter walls, fencing or any other object not specifically designed for use as part of a Clothesline System.
v. Prior to digging, the Resident shall ensure compliance with F.S. Chapter 556, Underground Facility Damage Prevention and Safety.
11-2018
15
vi. Ground mounted supports MUST be installed using removable supports, such as the removable support shown in Diagram A, below. Supports MUST be removed and stored out of sight when not in use.
NOTE: Set support to the depth recommended in manufacturers installation instructions.
d. Use. No items are permitted to remain on a Clothesline System overnight. Items being dried must be removed by dusk.
7. Door Ornaments
One wreath, or similar sized object, per front entry door is allowed, excluding holiday ornamentation. (See also D-8, Holiday decorations.)
8. Driveways, Sidewalk, Entry and Patio
A colored entry or patio using stain, textured coatings or pavers requires approval. The color(s) must complement the color of the home. The proposed colors(s) for the patio or entry of the home must be with the application submitted to the Architectural Review Committee. The sealing of driveway pavers requires ARC approval as well.
Changes to width of a driveway or sidewalk will be considered on a case-by-case basis.
9. Flags and Flagpoles
a. Each resident may display in a respectful manner one portable, removable United States flag or official flag of the State of Florida and one portable, removable official flag, not larger than 4 ¬Ω feet by 6 feet, which represents the United States Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard, or a POW-MIA flag on residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use.
b. Flag Pole (freestanding) - Each resident may erect one permanent or telescoping stand-alone standard metal flag pole that is no more than 20 feet high. The flag pole may not be installed within or upon any easement, nor installed any closer than 10 feet from the back of curb, or within 10 feet of any lot line. The flagpole cannot obstruct sightlines at any intersections. The resident may further display from the flagpole, one official United States flag, not larger than 4 ¬Ω feet by 6 feet, and may additionally display one official flag of the State of Florida or the United States
11-2018
16
Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard, or a POW-MIA flag. Such additional flag must be equal in size to or smaller than the United States flag. Any such flagpole shall be on residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use.
Flag Pole (wall mount) - On residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use, each resident may erect one flag pole made of aluminum, fiberglass, metal or wood. No Flag may extend so that the end protrudes more than 6 feet from the exterior wall of the dwelling to which it is attached. The below chart includes acceptable (wall mount) flag pole lengths and flag sizes. Wall mount flag poles may only be attached to the dwelling and may be attached to hang horizontally or at an angle from the dwelling.
Flag Pole
Flag Size
Five Foot (5‚Äô)
Two and One-Half Feet x Four Feet (2 ¬Ω‚Äô x 4‚Äô)
Six Foot (6‚Äô)
Three Feet x Five Feet (3‚Äô x 5‚Äô)
If the wall mount flag pole is not illuminated, then ARC approval prior to installation is not required. If a resident however seeks to illuminate the wall mount flag pole, then ARC approval is required prior to installation.
c. Banner or Garden Flag Pole (freestanding) ‚Äì On residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use, each resident may install one freestanding banner or garden flag pole that must be installed within a plant bed. If a resident wishes to display a flag other than the flags listed in B. 9(a) of these Design Guidelines, then it may be displayed on this style flag pole only. This type of display does not require ARC approval prior to installation.
i. Banner or Garden Flag Pole (wall mounted) ‚Äì On residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use, each resident may install one wall mounted banner or garden flag pole. If a resident wishes to display a flag other than the flags listed in B. 9(a) of these Design Guidelines, then it may be also displayed on this style flag pole. This type of display does not require ARC approval prior to installation.
ii. Any flag pole installed in accordance with these Design Guidelines is subject to all building codes, zoning setbacks, and other applicable governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, noise and lighting ordinances in the county or municipality in which the flag pole is erected and all setback and location criteria contained in the governing documents.
iii. Residents may only install flag poles and/or display flags on residential property that which such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use.
iv. Residents must follow the United States Flag Code when displaying the United States Flag. If a United States Flag is flown after dark, it must be illuminated.
11-2018
17
When the flag is displayed against a wall vertically or horizontally, its union (stars) should be at the top, to the flag's own right, and to the observer's left.
v. All displayed flags must be maintained in good condition. The display of a flag not specifically identified in section B. 9(a) above, may only be displayed as a freestanding banner or on a garden flag pole and is subject to the right of the Association or Developer to require removal of a flag that it determines draws excessive attention or traffic and/or lacking in good taste, and/or in contradiction to these guidelines.
vi. Banner Style ‚Äì a resident may also display banner style a flag listed in Section B. 9(a) of these Design Guidelines. This type of display does not require ARC approval prior to installation.
vii. The following information must be included with the application: flag pole size and material, intended flag pole location (noted on a photo or rendering of the elevation), type of flag and flag size. If the plan includes illumination, then the application must also include the illumination plan.
10. Front Doors
Door inserts shall be subject to ARC application and approval. Applications for inserts with nature scenes, including animals, fauna and the like, inserts depicting any particular image, or inserts with lettering or wording will not be approved. Inserts with non-descriptive abstract or geometric patterns will be permitted. Colored glass inserts are prohibited. Clear, frosted, or textured glass inserts will be permitted. The size of the glass insert may be either ¬æ or full (examples are shown below). The design of the glass insert is not limited to the designs shown. A copy of the exact glass design to be installed must be included with the ARC application.
Glass storm doors are permitted. Retractable front door screens are permitted in lieu of a storm door and must follow the same guidelines as such, the frame must match the
11-2018
18
home‚Äôs door frame and the glass can be a single or double panel exclusive of decoration. The single or double panel shall be considered a full door panel. Please see below pictures as an example showing a double panel. The glass panels may be open to allow for a screen. Applications must be made to the ARC and should include a catalogue cut.
11. Fences
Fences are permitted if a swimming pool is constructed. Prior to fence installation, the property must be surveyed by a licensed surveyor; the survey stakes must stay in place until the Association has completed its final inspection.
All fences require Architectural Review Committee Approval prior to installation.
The only allowable types of fences are tan PVC and black aluminum. No wooden or chain link fences are permitted. Fences shall not be installed flush to the ground so that drainage will be blocked in any way. Due to the CDD‚Äôs maintenance requirements and responsibilities, the installation of fences within a drainage easement area is not expected to be approved by the ARC. However, in the event a fence is installed within a drainage easement area, with prior written ARC approval, the Owner is solely responsible for fence repair or replacement if the drainage easement area needs to be accessed.
The fence shall extend from a point ten (10‚Äô) feet behind the front facade of building structure, to the side property line on each side thereafter to, and across the rear property line. The bottom portion of any fence shall be no closer to the ground than 3‚Äù to allow for proper drainage and lawn maintenance. Only the good side of the fence may face outward. No posts or stringers may be visible from the outside of the fence. Side and rear yard fencing shall be installed
11-2018
19
16‚Äô‚Äôwithin lot lines to allow for a mulch border on the exterior side of the fence. Mulch beds are required to be at least 1‚Äô wide on either side of the fence Fencing on corner lots will require close coordination with the ARC, and fencing may be prohibited or restricted on some lots.
Homes on Lots which abut, run along, intersect with or joint the perimeter of any retention area or conservation area shall install 4‚Äô black aluminum, open style picket fences. The open spaces between the pickets shall be 3‚Äù inches apart or 3‚Äù and 7/8‚Äù apart. All other homes shall install 6‚Äô tan PVC privacy fences.
12. Furniture ‚Äì Outdoor
No foldable or stackable plastic furniture is allowed in the front of the home. Foldable or stackable plastic furniture may be used in the rear yard only. Furniture is not permitted on the landscaped ground surfaces of any lot (i.e., sodded grass lawn, planted ground cover, or approved mulch materials).
13. Garage Doors
Garage doors must be kept closed except when the garage is in use or when a garage screen is in place. Sliding, electric or manual roll up screens are allowed. Frames, in general, are bronze or white in color depending on the soffit and fascia color. Other frame colors in the black/bronze/brown/white spectrum may be considered if they coordinate with the house color and the garage color or trim. Screen color must coordinate with the frame color.
All applications must include pictures of the proposed garage screen frame design and photographs of the soffit and fascia.
14. Generators
Generators to be utilized during power outages may be installed inside the garage without application. Those located outside the home may be installed in the rear of the home after proper approval and are subject to applicable setback standards and shall be appropriately screened by approved landscaping. Generators may also be located on the side of the home where the gas hookup is. The generator must be adequately shielded from view from the street with landscape material. Generators shall only be allowed on the side-yard if there is enough space to allow for landscape material that doesn‚Äôt violate setback requirements, interfere with a drainage swale and/or drainage facility and interfere with landscape/irrigation maintenance of the home. Generators operated by propane are required to bury propane tanks in accordance with applicable setback standards.
15. Lightning Protection Systems
Lightning protection systems are allowed. Systems shall be installed by a certified contractor and in accordance with the following:
a. National Fire Protection Assoc. (NFPA) Document #780
b. Underwriters‚Äô Laboratories, Inc. (UL) Standard #96A
c. Lightning Protection Institute (LPI) Standard #175
11-2018
20
All components shall be aluminum, copper, bronze or stainless steel and shall not be installed in locations where corrosion of dissimilar metals may occur. All components must complement the existing color scheme of the home.
All applications for lightning protection systems must include detailed drawings of the proposed installation including photos of the products to be used.
16. Lighting
a. Low-voltage light fixtures for low-level landscape and path lighting are allowed. Tree mounted down lights shall be shielded from street and neighbor‚Äôs view.
b. All lighting installed on a lot should be low level and recessed to shield the source of the light. No lighting shall be permitted that constitutes a nuisance or hazard to any Owner or neighboring property. All architectural lighting must be attached to the Structure and all landscape lighting must not be located within 10'-0" from the front lot line and 3'-0" from the side lot line and shall only be located in the plant beds.
c. Post lamps are not permitted.
d. Holiday lighting and decorations will be permitted so long as the lights and decorations are unobtrusive and do not constitute a nuisance.
e. Building mounted light fixtures, including spotlights and floodlights shall conform to the architecture of the home. A maximum of two [2] wall- or eave-mounted spot lights, not exceeding 150 watts per fixture, are permitted only on the rear plane of a Structure, unless otherwise approved by the ARC. Fixtures must be mounted less than 12'-0" above grade and fitted with a shield to minimize light spillage. Lamps may not be directed at such an angle to cause excessive glare or light spillage which may affect adjoining lots, as determined by the ARC. Wall- and eave mounted spot / flood lights are not permitted in front or side yard areas, unless otherwise approved by the ARC. Any enclosure of a light fixture shall be designed to conceal the lamp (bulb) and direct the light downward.
f. Shrubs shall be used to conceal landscape lighting fixtures. Junction boxes shall be placed below grade to minimize daytime visibility of the hardware.
g. All landscape fixtures must use low-voltage lamps.
h. Yellow ‚Äúbug‚Äù lights may be installed in home-mounted outdoor light fixtures in back yard only.
i. The style and color of the housing of any future replacement light fixture(s) must be similar in appearance to the architecture of the community.
j. All lighting must be reviewed and approved by the ARC prior to installation.
11-2018
21
17. Mailboxes
No mailboxes (including newspaper boxes), other than as installed by Declarant, shall be permitted. The color, size, appearance, and location of the mailboxes installed by Declarant shall not be altered.
18. Outdoor Kitchen
Outdoor kitchens may only be located on a paver or poured concrete surface and must be of a color and design compatible with the architectural theme of the home. Outdoor kitchens must be at least ten feet (10‚Äô) from any property lot line and may only be located in the rear yard. Outdoor kitchens must be compliant with all applicable government codes, including fire and safety requirements.
19. Paint
The exterior of a house may be repainted with the original paint colors after obtaining Architectural Review Committee approval. If a Resident desires to paint any part of the exterior of a house a color other than its original paint color, then the Resident must also obtain ARC approval.
Approved exterior color schemes are available for viewing upon request from HOA management. Applicants must choose an established, approved scheme in effect at the time of their application. Changing how colors are used within a scheme is allowed, e.g., the secondary body color could be used for a main body color, but the front door/garage door color may not be used as a body color. Approval of any modifications to a scheme is at the discretion of the ARC.
When considering an exterior color scheme, the ARC will take into consideration the exterior paint color schemes of the surrounding properties. The exterior color scheme of any home may not be painted with the same exterior color scheme as the home on either side or across the street from the subject home. A home shall not have the same elevation as any home on either side or directly across the street from the subject home.
20. Pergolas
A pergola is an open slat style shade structure, one full side of which must have the appearance of being attached to the rear of the home. The structure must fit underneath the eaves of the roof. Vertical members must be pressure treated wood, redwood, painted, vinyl, or aluminum treated to give the appearance of wood and be set in concrete. Color of the structure must complement the home. No solid roof is permitted on a pergola. A decorative lattice may be used as a cover or side decoration but may extend no more than fourteen inches (14‚Äù) down from the top of the pergola frame. The pergola may not exceed the width of the rear of the home.
11-2018
22
21. Pools, Spas, Jacuzzi‚Äôs
All pools, spas, and Jacuzzis are subject to certain setbacks, must be installed according to applicable governmental ordinances, and will require an approved totally enclosed fence structure or birdcage.
Spas and Jacuzzis may also be installed on lanais if the lanai is enclosed with standard charcoal color screen (not to be confused with solar screen) and/or windows.
Pools and pool decks shall be at least five feet (5‚Äô) from the side and rear property lot lines and shall not encroach the side and rear setbacks. Pools and pool decks shall be located behind the home and not extend beyond the sides of the home. The pool must be inside the building restriction line indicated on the property survey. All pools, spas, and Jacuzzis must be reviewed and approved by the ARC. It is the responsibility of the owner to meet the minimum deck requirements as dictated by the Pasco County building code. Drainage from all pools, spas and Jacuzzis into the common areas, the community‚Äôs drainage system, and neighboring properties is not permitted.
Use, presence and noise of a pool, spa or Jacuzzi shall not unreasonably impact the use of surrounding properties. If it‚Äôs determined that said use, presence and noise does unreasonably affect the use of surrounding properties, then the Board (at its sole and absolute discretion) may impose additional restrictions (even if the ARC has already approved the installation and after the project is completed) including but not limited to requiring the installation of an additional barrier and/or sound absorptive materials, requiring a reasonable time constraint for use (i.e. may not use during certain nighttime hours), or relocating the equipment. This paragraph pertains to all pools, spas, and Jacuzzis regardless of when they were installed.
See Section B.2 ‚ÄúGround-Mounted Mechanical Equipment‚Äù for equipment installation and screening requirements.
See Section B.5 ‚ÄúBuilding Attachments, Birdcages‚Äù for birdcage requirements.
See Section B.11 ‚ÄúFences‚Äù for fence requirements.
22. Prohibited Structures
Pursuant to the Declaration and/or these Design Guidelines, the following structures shall be prohibited from use in Del Webb‚Äôs Del Webb Bexley:
a. Dog Houses
b. Sheds
c. Detached Garages
d. Gazebos
e. Wells
Notwithstanding the above, Declarant shall be allowed to install any structure(s) necessary for purposes connected with the development of Del Webb‚Äôs Del Webb Bexley and/or as may be described in the Declaration.
11-2018
23
23. Replacement Roof Shingles
Roof shingles must be architectural style shingles installed by a licensed contractor in accordance with State of Florida building codes. Brands include, but are not limited to, Tamko Heritage Series or Certainteed. The allowable color is ‚ÄúWeathered Wood Blend‚Äù.
24. Satellite Dishes, Internet Receivers and Antennas
No antennae, aerials, or other devices for the transmission or reception of television, radio (including amateur or ham radios), of any kind will be allowed outside a home without prior written approval from the ARC. Please refer to Federal Communications Commission rules regarding what is allowed.
For all installations, please note the following:
‚Ä¢ Homeowner must obtain ARC approval prior to any installation.
‚Ä¢ ARC applications must include a lot survey showing the location of the dish, internet receiver or antenna.
‚Ä¢ Any transmission cable from the dish, internet receiver or antenna to the home must be located underground.
‚Ä¢ Any installation directly on the home may void the warranty if improperly installed.
a. Satellite Dishes
Satellite dishes may be no more than one meter in diameter. Satellite dishes may be installed in a foundation planting bed in the rear or no more than 5‚Äô from front corner of home in the side yard, mounted on a pole not to exceed fifty inches (50‚Äù) in height, and properly landscaped to minimize visibility from the street and neighboring property. Mounting poles may be not be attached to the foundation slab.
In the event an Owner elects to utilize two satellite dishes both dishes must be affixed to the same pole in accordance with these provisions.
Satellite dishes shall be placed no further than five feet (5‚Äô) from the home unless reception is impaired and such impaired reception is verified from the service provider that the satellite dish should be placed a distance greater than five feet (5‚Äô) from the home in order to receive the best possible reception.
If satellite dishes are easily visible from a street that passes either the front or side of a home, then additional landscaping is required so that the equipment cannot be seen. If the back of the dish is toward the street, then the plants selected for this purpose should have a mature height and width sufficient to hide the entire dish. If the dish must face the street for proper reception, then the plants should hide the pole and as much of the dish as possible, (as well as any angular view that can be hidden) without interfering with reception.
b. Internet Receivers
Internet receivers may be installed for line-of-sight reception and may not be more than 12‚Äù above highest point of the home. Receiver may not be more than 8‚Äù in diameter for round or 12‚Äù tall for rectangular. All receivers must receive ARC approval.
11-2018
24
c. Over-the-Air Television Antennas
Antennas designed for the reception of over-the-air television broadcast programming may be installed on the rear roof of the home. Any variation to this will require Board approval. All installation requests must first be submitted to the ARC.
25. Shutters
The ARC must approve all shutter installations that were not initially installed by the Developer. Standard decorative shutters may be installed using PVC or painted wood.
Additionally, while we will not suggest or recommend any specific type of hurricane window protection in the Design Guidelines, we will approve the permanent installation of ‚Äútracks‚Äù or ‚Äúchannels‚Äù above and below windows for use with removable hurricane panels. The exposed sides of these ‚Äútracks‚Äù or ‚Äúchannels‚Äù must be painted to match the color of the portion of the home to which they are mounted. Channels or tracks installed in connection with rear elevation bronze aluminum cages are permitted to use bronze aluminum in lieu of matching the channels or tracks to the existing color of the home. Accordion Shutters for front, rear, and side windows are permitted to be in place permanently. Accordion Shutters shall match the existing window frame. Inset mounting is required on all windows where possible. Drop down hurricane shutters are also permitted for front doors and second story windows. The housing can be bronze aluminum or match the door frame. Drop down shutters are also permitted for the rear lanai on all sides in bronze aluminum or match the color of the home. Installation of temporary window coverings for protection during hurricanes may begin as soon as a tropical storm or hurricane watch, or warning is issued for Pasco County. Such window coverings or shutters may be installed or closed up to forty-eight (48) hours prior to the expected arrival of a hurricane and must be removed within seventy-two (72) hours of the watch or warning being cancelled, or as the Board may determine otherwise.
26. Signs ‚Äì See also 12.34 of the Declaration
Unless restricted by applicable county ordinance, the following will apply to signs:
a. Except for signs required by law, posting of signs of any kind, including posters, circulars, billboards, or other commercial signage may not be displayed on a lot, home (inside or outside windows) or vehicle, except as otherwise specifically permitted herein.
b. A homeowner shall be permitted to post one (1) in-ground ‚ÄúFor Sale‚Äù/ ‚ÄúFor Lease after the community completion date if such sign has been approved by the ARC
c. An Owner shall be permitted to post signs from a security / alarm company providing services for the home. One single-sided security / alarm sign may be placed in the front yard where it is visible to persons approaching the home and not closer than ten feet (10‚Äô) from right of way. A sign may also be placed in the windows of the home. The sign shall not exceed two feet (2‚Äô) in overall height from finished grade and/or seventy-two (72) square inches in size (i.e., eight inches (8‚Äù) by nine inches (9‚Äù)) if placed in the ground. Signs shall not exceed sixteen (16) square inches in size (i.e.,
11-2018
25
four inches (4‚Äù) by four inches (4‚Äù) if placed in the window of a Home. The sign shall be located within the applicable setback lines.
d. ‚ÄúOpen House‚Äù and directional signs, which give directions to a home that is for sale or for lease to which the public is invited for a walk-in inspection, are not permitted.
27. Storage of Tools, Machinery
The storage of lawn tools, supplies, mowers and equipment outside the home is prohibited.
Garden hoses may be stored outside the home if they are enclosed within either a hose reel box located in a planting bed or mounted directly to the house, or a decorative pot designed or adapted specifically for hose storage, or a hose hook. The storage container may be located on either side or the rear of the house. If the hose reel box/hose storage container is easily visible from a street that passes either the front or side of a home, then additional landscaping is required so the container cannot be seen. Hook-mount storage is permitted, as long as the bottom of the hook is no more than 3 feet above the ground and is screened from view by appropriate landscaping.
Under no condition may the hose, hose reel box, storage container or hose hook be placed in the front of the house, unless the hose is in use. The hose and hose reel box/hose storage container should be returned to its storage location immediately after its intended use.
28. Trash Containers
Trash must be stored in covered containers, which shall be kept in the garage, except when they are being made available for collection. Trash containers may not be placed at curbside earlier than 7pm the night before pickup and must be returned to the garage no later than the evening of pickup and must be in either containers or plastic bags designed for trash. No other types of containers may be used on the exterior of home. Excess trash that can‚Äôt be placed in containers must be removed on the normal pick-up day with the rest of the garbage.
29. Wall Decorations; Wall Fountains
Wall decorations or working fountains may be attached to a home near the front entrance or on the side garage wall approaching the entrance to the home. The following information must be included with the application: a picture of the item; its overall dimensions; the materials to be used; and a sketch that shows the exact location on the wall where the item will be installed. If the plan includes a wall fountain, then the application must also include the water source and plumbing layout. Each application will be considered individually based on appropriate size for the particular home.
30. Retaining Walls
Unless provided by the Declarant, or approved in advance by the ARC, no retaining walls may be constructed where they will impact the surrounding grade and drainage.
11-2018
26
31. Water Softeners/ Purifier Systems
Water softeners and purifying systems should be installed inside the garage. If the water softeners / purifying systems must be installed outside of the home, then the installation must be in a manner so as to not be visible from the exterior of the home. An exterior installation requires ARC approval; the request for ARC approval shall include the reasons why an exterior installation is necessary.
32. Window Coverings
External window coverings other than standard window screens are prohibited from use in Del Webb Bexley. Such coverings include, but are not limited to, burglar bars, roll down shades and window awnings.
33. Window Treatments, Tinting
Window treatments shall consist drapery, blinds or decorative panels. Temporary or permanent window treatments of bed sheets, newspaper, trash bags, etc., are strictly prohibited. No reflective tinting or mirror finishes on the windows are allowed. Window treatments facing the street shall be of a neutral color, such as white, off-white or wood tones.
34. Solar Tubes and Panels (Roof Mounted)
Roof-mounted solar panels and tubes must be designed to be integral parts of the roof. Their form, location and color must be compatible with the existing roof. Profiles must be minimized. All supports and piping for solar collectors must be enclosed. Silver aluminum frames are not permitted.
Solar panels may be installed preferably on rear roof slopes, but may be installed where their use is optimized, and should not be visible from the Common Property or the street in front of the house or side yards of corner lots. Reflective glazing is not permitted.
35. Stone Veneer on Front Elevations
When approved in writing by the ARC, a limited amount of stone veneer may be used to accent the front elevation of a house. Both the placement and allowable amount of stone will be determined based on house model and elevation option. Since stone veneer is to be used as accent only, stone veneer may not cover more than half of the front elevation. The type of stone used must be like the stone presently used on community buildings. Exterior Modification Applications must include a front elevation drawing, a sample (or photo) marked-up to show the proposed stone location, a sample (or photo) of the proposed stone and the color scheme of the house
11-2018
27
C. Modifications to the Landscape ‚Äì Living Things and Mulch Materials
As part of the planning and development of Del Webb Bexley, the Developer has prepared landscape plans for the homes, amenities and common areas within the community. These landscape plans are subject to change at the sole discretion of the Developer. Del Webb Bexley is a maintenance-free community, which means the HOA will maintain the landscape within the Lots. Due to this maintenance-free service, the HOA will replace any dead or dying landscape within the landscape plan provided by the Developer. If an owner desires to add landscape material outside of the Developer‚Äôs landscape plan, they will be responsible for maintaining it and replacing it if it is dead or dying.
The below requirements pertain to installation of landscape material outside of the Developer‚Äôs landscape plan. It is important to understand all landscape alterations must not obstruct the HOA from maintaining the Lot. If there is an obstruction, the HOA reserves the right to not maintain the Lot.
1. Dead or Diseased Landscape
Any changes from the Developer‚Äôs landscape plan (including different species, different size, or different location‚Ä¶not an all-inclusive list) must be approved in advance by the ARC. If these changes are approved by the ARC, the owner is responsible for replacing any dead or diseased landscape material
2. Mix of Plantings
Landscape harmony is accomplished by allowing two to three types of shrubs planted textures is visually distracting. Introduce variety with accent shrubs. The use of plant materials with seasonal interest such as flowers, interesting leaf shapes, wall color, berries, bark color, and texture, is encouraged for variety.
However, vegetable gardens are prohibited. Small herb gardens are allowed if kept in a planting pot of allowed size. (See Planting Pots, D.9.)
3. Mulch Materials
For the purpose of these Design Guidelines, topsoil or decomposed granite is not considered inert material. Approved inert materials shall include: bark, hardwood mulch, rock and/or stone of naturally pigmented color (i.e., as found in native form), and other materials may be approved by the Architectural Review Committee from time to time. Determination of whether a material is acceptable for inclusion in any specific situation shall be made by the Architectural Review Committee.
4. Mulch Materials - Designs
Ground cover or inert material shall not be used to spell out names, nicknames, or names of states, cities, athletic teams, slogans, emblems, geometric patterns, or any other communication.
5. Permitted Ground Cover
11-2018
28
The ground surfaces of all lots except that occupied by hardscape or structure shall be covered with a combination of landscaping, i.e., sodded grass lawn, planted ground cover and approved mulch materials as listed in Appendix A.
6. Plastic Sheeting
The use of solid plastic sheeting or polyethylene over ground cover areas is not permitted. If landscape fabric is used, it must allow the free flow of water, air, and gases to and from the soil. All weed control fabrics must be kept thoroughly covered with a layer of approved rock or mulch material.
7. Restrictions on Paved Cover
Excessive use of concrete at front, rear, and street side yards is not allowed. No concrete may be located in driveway areas other than that which is initially included with the home; however, additional walking area(s) adjacent to the driveway which extends the overall driveway width not more than four feet (4‚Äô) may be considered for approval. Plans for concrete work must be approved in writing by the ARC before any work commences.
8. Retention Pond / Conservation Area Lots
Any home built on retention pond or conservation area shall not have additional landscaping planted within ten feet (10‚Äô) from the rear lot line and must stay consistent with the existing initial landscaping provided by the Declarant. This landscaping should be kept trimmed up to a maximum of forty-eight inches (48‚Äù) from the ground, unless it is low-lying ground cover material, so as not to impede the views of neighbors.
9. Rock Yards
Decorative rock yards, paved yards, or yards in which the principal ground cover is other than grass sod are specifically prohibited.
10. Florida Friendly
Florida Friendly provides many options. Listed below are the options available to homeowners within Del Webb Bexley which are Florida Friendly and are suited to site-specific conditions that reflect the "right plant, right place.‚Äù
The term ‚ÄúFlorida Friendly‚Äù includes landscape practices that minimize the use of water by means of irrigation, select the correct plant materials for each specific site, use micro-irrigation when applicable, minimize the use of fertilizers and other supplemental maintenance practices, promote the use of native plant materials which are drought tolerant, avoids the use of non-native invasive species and promote landscape designs which minimize harmful environmental occurrences such as storm water runoff.
Landscape plans cannot alter the storm water patterns of the applying lot, any other properties within Del Webb Bexley, or the functionality of the Del Webb Bexley master storm water plan.
11-2018
29
a. Turf grass should be a drought-tolerant grass and must meet required area coverage (at least 50% of non-hardscape lot size). Standard size home sites must maintain turf grass in the right-of-ways ten feet (10‚Äô) back of curb, the back five feet (5‚Äô) of the rear lot property line, and the first five feet (5‚Äô) of side property lines. At the back-property line, the first five feet (5‚Äô) must be maintained as sod, from five feet (5‚Äô) to ten feet (10‚Äô) low lying ground cover and bushes no taller than two feet (2‚Äô) can be used, and then at ten feet (10‚Äô), taller shrubs and trees can be planted. For the side lot line on a corner lot that abuts a road, the setback is ten feet (10‚Äô) from the curb. Oversize lot requirements will be proportional to the lot size. Please refer to Exhibit A. It will be the homeowner‚Äôs responsibility to maintain their turf so that it does not adversely affect neighboring property(s) turf grass.
b. Planting beds must include plant materials that coincide with Florida Friendly guidelines (see Appendix B) and should include ground cover plant materials as well as more ‚Äúcanopy type‚Äù plant materials such as trees. The ground cover, trees, and perennials/annuals should be spaced in such a way that one (1) year after planting, the plant material covers at least forty percent (40%) of the surface area of the bed. Long-term maintenance of the ground cover must meet these proportions. If, after one (1) year the required proportions are not met, the ARC shall have the right to require the homeowner to undertake additional plantings to meet the requirement. Beds in the front part of the home site must be curvilinear in nature.
c. Mulch shall be an approved organic material such as pine straw or pine bark, as their decomposition adds nutrients to the soil, and compliments the Florida Friendly concept. Inorganic matter, such as stone, rock, river rock and gravel, are not recommended for use and will be considered on a case-by-case basis, as long as enough plant material is installed to eliminate the appearance of a ‚Äúrock yard‚Äù. Inorganic mulches, such as synthetic rubber mulches that resemble their organic counterparts are not permitted. The ARC reserves the right to deny mulch materials based on composition and/or color. Individually placed stones or rocks for the purpose of creating aesthetic value will also be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
d. Micro-irrigation is required to be installed in all plant bed areas which are to be Florida Friendly. Micro-drip irrigation or bubblers should be used for trees and other large plant materials. Micro-spray irrigation should be used for groundcovers, annuals, and perennials. Micro-irrigation should only be irrigated during the initial installation establishment period and in periods of extreme drought. The overall irrigation system should be set up with distinctly separate zones between those which are plant beds using micro-irrigation, and those which are turf and use traditional or high-volume irrigation. Traditional turf grass can require watering up to two times per week, while Florida Friendly areas require little or no water under normal circumstances. To that end, an irrigation plan must be submitted to the ARC along with the landscape plan.
11-2018
30
11. Shrubs
Plant foliage of shrubs along any lot may not exceed two feet (2‚Äô) in height when planted within ten feet (10‚Äô) of the rear property lines to allow minimal obstruction of views. Once at ten feet (10‚Äô) or more from the rear property line, the height can be higher.
12. Trees
Space trees properly to allow room for future growth and to avoid conflicts with the home and paved areas. All trees planted along the rear of the home must be at least ten feet (10‚Äô) from the rear property line. The trees along pond/conservation lots should be limbed up to at least four feet (4‚Äô) above the ground in order to minimize the obstruction of views from neighboring properties. Additional trees may be added only after ARC approval.
Street Trees shall not be removed. Street Trees shall not be replaced without the approval of the ARC. If approved by the ARC, homeowners may engage the HOA to replace their Street Tree with a 2‚Äù caliper Chinese Elm or Dahoon Holly. The HOA will replace the Street Tree at the cost of the homeowner. For Further information, please refer to Section Four of the Sixth Amendment to the Del Webb Bexley Community Association Declaration.
13. Turf Grass (Sod)
For the purpose of these design guidelines, turf grass (sod) must be Floratam. A modification is needed to install landscape beds in place of turf grass.
14. Uniformity
Plantings should be somewhat uniform throughout the yard; approximately fifty percent (50%) should be in the midpoint of the building to the front and the remainder to the rear.
D. Modifications to the Landscape ‚Äì Additional Items ‚Äì Non-Living
When making an application for modification to your landscape, you must indicate any non-living items (i.e. benches, statues, birdbaths, artifacts, etc.) separately on your application as well as on your landscape plan, including size, materials, and specific location. Each lot may contain up to five (5) items, excluding Holiday decorations, sized from six inches (6‚Äù) up to thirty-six inches (36‚Äù).
Unless otherwise stated, every item needs prior ARC approval.
1. Arbors
Placement of an arbor, designed for growing roses or vines, will be considered on a case-by-case basis. The maximum arbor size shall not exceed eight feet (8‚Äô) in height, four feet (4‚Äô) in width, and three feet (3‚Äô) in depth. The material shall be of natural wood, vinyl, or aluminum, with color to complement the home and must be anchored so as to prevent displacement in high winds.
11-2018
31
2. Artifacts
Artifacts are those items not classed as fountains, statues, or birdbaths, but are used in the landscaping to enhance the overall plan. The number of artifacts used as landscaping enhancements is limited to five (5) per lot but may be restricted when used in conjunction with other landscape accent items. The ARC reserves the right to deny any artifact they find derogative, offensive, or not in keeping with the architectural theme of the community. No artifact may exceed thirty-six inches (36‚Äù) in height.
3. Birdbaths
A stand-alone birdbath must be no more than thirty-six inches (36‚Äù) in height. Birdbath must be of materials with color and design compatible with the architectural theme of the home. A birdbath is permitted in the front, side, rear, or courtyard and must be placed in a planting bed. Two birdbaths are permitted per lot but may be restricted when used in conjunction with other larger landscape accent items.
4. Birds
Only natural appearing replicas of birds are permitted as additions to landscape plans and must be placed in landscape beds. Two birds are permitted but may be restricted when used in conjunction with other landscape accent items. Birds will not exceed thirty-six inches (36‚Äù) in height.
5. Fire Features (Barbeques, Chimneys, Fire Pits and Fireplaces)
Outdoor fireplaces shall be consistent with all applicable governmental codes, including, without limitation, the regulations of Pasco County and the Florida Fire Prevention Code.
Outdoor fireplaces shall be located in the rear yard or on rear patio areas and shall be simple and residential in design. Outdoor fireplaces with highly independent designs, overly ornate designs, or commercial-looking designs are not allowed. Unfinished or painted precision concrete block is not allowed. The color and finish of stucco fireplaces must be the same as the color and finish of the stucco on the house and shall avoid obstructing views of the surrounding properties.
If the top of the outdoor fireplace is greater than the top of the perimeter wall or fence, or if the outdoor fireplace is located adjacent to an open view fence, then the outdoor fireplace shall be designed so that its form, material, and color are compatible with the architecture of the house.
Outdoor fireplaces of six (6) feet, or less, in height shall be located at a minimum of three (3) feet clear from the house, patio perimeters and fences. Outdoor fireplaces between six (6) feet and twelve (12) feet in height shall be located a minimum of five (5) feet clear from the house, patio perimeters and fences. Outdoor fireplaces (12) feet in height shall be located a minimum of ten (10) feet clear from the house, patio perimeters and fences. The maximum allowed outdoor fireplace height from the original lot grade is twelve (12) feet.
11-2018
32
Trees and/or shrubs should be planted in the 3 to 10-foot clear area between the property line (or perimeter wall or fence) and the outdoor fireplace, to completely screen the appearance of the back of the outdoor fireplace from adjacent neighbors.
Outdoor fireplaces designed to use natural gas, instead of wood, are preferred. Outdoor fireplaces shall be properly maintained and may not create an unreasonable nuisance to surrounding properties. Wood may be only stored on Lanai or in the garage.
6. Flowers - Artificial
Florida is known for its wide variety of beautiful flowering plants. Therefore, unless permitted by Florida law, artificial flowers are prohibited as part of the landscaping.
7. Fountains
For the purpose of this document, fountains (non-wall-mounted, semi-permanent decorative landscape additions) are considered a water feature capable of producing a continuous recirculating flow of water from a self-contained reservoir. Water features are used to enhance the house landscaping. A water feature shall be limited to a height of four feet (4‚Äô) above the finished grade of the lot; however, if a water feature is located against a wall of the house, then the water feature may not exceed eight feet (8‚Äô) above the finished grade of the lot. A water feature may be installed in the front or rear yard only, may not detract from the overall landscape theme and must be placed in a planting bed. The water feature must not visibly damage existing walls or fences. Colors must be compatible with the house.
Only one (1) water feature is permitted and may be restricted when used in conjunction with source, pump, electrical layout and plumbing layout. The water source, pump, electrical and plumbing must be designed and located to be unobtrusive. Noise must be controlled to minimize the impact on neighbors.
8. Holiday Decorations
Holiday decorations are considered exterior ornamentation of a Resident‚Äôs Property used to celebrate holiday decoration periods. Decorations must not cover the home‚Äôs address number.
For the purpose of this section, holiday decorations may be installed from October 1st through January 15th of the following year in a manner consistent with the following timeframes: Commencing October 1st and removed by November 5th and commencing the week before Thanksgiving and removed no later than January 15th.
Reasonable holiday decorations may be displayed, without prior ARC approval, for recognized national and religious holidays two (2) weeks prior to the holiday to which the decorations are related until one (1) week after said holiday.
The decorations must be in good condition and good taste and may be displayed only during holiday decoration periods. Residents are expected to be diligent in ensuring that displays, including outdoor lighting, do not spill over to neighboring properties. The display of holiday decorations is subject to the right of the Association or Developer to
11-2018
33
require removal of such decorations that it deems to (A) be excessive in number, size or brightness relative to the surrounding properties; (B) draw excessive attention or traffic; (C) unreasonably interfere with the use and enjoyment of neighboring properties; (D) cause a dangerous condition to exist; or (E) lacking in good taste or in contradiction to these guidelines.
9. Planting Pots
Planting pots are considered part of the landscape and are containers for live flowers, live plants and/or other items used in bedding. No more than ten (10) planting pots may be used on the property as landscaping decoration, with a limit of no more than six (6) planting pots in the front of the home. Planting pots are only permitted in the front and rear of the property, except where a home is located on a corner lot, in which case the property may have twelve (12) pots, with three (3) of the twelve (12) planting pots allowed on the side of the home which faces a street.
Planting pots must be of a color and design compatible with the architectural theme of the home. If a pot‚Äôs core purpose by its manufacturer is as a fountain, then it may not be used as a planting pot. A planting pot may not be higher than thirty-six inches (36‚Äù) tall and twenty-four (24‚Äù) in diameter.
Pots and containers must be removed to safe storage in the event of an impending storm or if the owner is leaving for an extended period of time.
10. Ponds
Decorative small ponds may be used in landscape areas. Size and location will be considered on an individual basis. Plans for design must include specifications for re-circulation and/or cleaning of water, and method to be used for mosquito control.
11. Statues
Statues (a three-dimensional work of art, as a representational or abstract form, carved in stone or wood, molded in a plastic material, cast in bronze, or the like), are considered as an ornamental addition to an overall landscaping plan. A maximum of five (5) statues is allowed and a statue may be no higher than thirty-six inches (36‚Äù). It must be of materials with color and design compatible with the architectural theme of the home. Statues are permitted in the front, side, rear, or courtyard and must be placed in a planting bed. Statues may be restricted when used in conjunction with other larger landscape accent items.
12. Trellises
A total of four (4) trellises, attached to the home, may be permissible. Trellises should be no more than four feet (4‚Äô) wide and six feet (6‚Äô) tall. One trellis may be placed in the foundation area in the front of the home or front courtyard area. The shape and size must be stated on the Application. For the remaining three trellises, the shape and size must also be stated on the Application. Exact location of each trellis must be shown on a copy of the plot plan or overall landscape plan. The material shall be of natural wood, vinyl, or aluminum, with color to complement the home. Consideration will be given only to plans prepared with exact dimensions and location of each structure.
11-2018
34
13. Plant Bed Edging
All landscape curbing, including plant bed edging, must be approved by the Architectural Review Committee prior to installation. Landscape timbers and wood ties will not be permitted. EverEdge or equivalent steel lawn edging, concrete or natural edging stones and Ecoborder in brown or black are allowed. The landscape curbing color should complement the overall color scheme of the home. Owner must submit landscape curbing color and home colors(s) with the request.
The top surface of the landscape curbing shall not exceed 3‚Äù higher than the adjoining, undisturbed ground. Landscape curbing may not encroach easements or common ground and may not be installed along the sides of the driveway, or any other walking path other than the path from the driveway to the front entry.
EXHIBIT A ‚Äì TURF GRASS REQUIREMENTS
Lot Size ‚Äì Regal Required Turf Grass
<7000SF Standard lot, see Guidelines
>7000SF At least 20% of the lot that is over 7000SF must be turf grass.
Example:
8000SF The perimeter guidelines must be met plus 200SF of the lot outside that perimeter must be turf grass.
Lot Size ‚Äì Pinnacle Required Turf Grass
<8000SF Standard lot, see Guidelines
>8000SF At least 20% of the lot size that is over 8000SF must be turf grass.
Example:
9000SF The perimeter guidelines must be met plus 200SF of the lot outside that perimeter must be turf grass.
11-2018
35
APPENDIX A COMMONLY USED ORNAMENTAL LANDSCAPING
D = Deciduous E = Evergreen
Large Trees ‚Äì Space thirty to forty feet apart; and twenty feet minimum from buildings. Trees are deer resistant to extent edible parts can be protected until they grow out of reach of the deer.
D--Florida Maple (Acer floridanum)
D--Red Maple (Acer Rubrum)
E--Southern Magnolia (Magnolia grandiflora)
D--Chinese Pistache (Pistacia chinensis)
D--Sycamore (Platanus occidentalis)
D--Swamp Chestnut Oak (Quercus michauxii)
D--Willow Oak (Quercus phellos)
E--Live Oak (Quercus virginiana)
D--Bald Cypress (Taxodium distichum)
Small Trees ‚Äì Space fifteen to twenty feet apart; and ten feet minimum from buildings, unless stated differently below. Trees are deer resistant to extent edible parts can be protected until they grown out of reach of the deer.
E--Pygmy Phoenix Date Palm (Robellini) ‚Äì minimum of five feet from buildings
D--Japanese Maple (Acer palmatum)
D--River Birch (Betula nigra)
D--Redbud (Cercis canadensis)
E--Nelli R. Stevens Holly (Ilex aquifolium x cornuta ‚ÄúNellie R. Stevens‚Äù)
E--East Palatka Holly (Ilex x attenuata ‚ÄúEast Palatka‚Äù)
E--Foster Holly (Ilex x attenuata ‚ÄúFosteri‚Äù)
E--Savannah Holly (Ilex x attenuata ‚ÄúSavannah‚Äù)
E--Weeping Yaupon Holly (Ilex vomitoria ‚Äúpendula‚Äù)
D--Goldenrain Tree (Koelreuteria paniculata)
D--Crape Myrtle (Lagerstroemia indica ‚Äì Varieties ‚ÄúCherokee‚Äù, ‚ÄúMuskogee‚Äù, ‚ÄúNatchez‚Äù, and ‚ÄúTuscarora‚Äù)
E--Tree Form Wax Leaf Privet (Ligustrum lucidum)
E--Little Gem Magnolia (Magnolia grandiflora) ‚Äì minimum of five feet from buildings
D--Saucer Magnolia (Magnolia soulangiana)
E--Sweet Bay Magnolia (Magnolia virginiana)
D--Calloway Crabapple (Malus pruniflora ‚ÄúCalloway‚Äù)
E--Tree Form Wax Myrtle (Myrica cerifera)
E--Spruce Pine (Pinus glabra)
D--Japanese Flowering Cherry (Prunus serrulata ‚ÄúKwanzan‚Äù)
D--Yoshino Cherry (Prunus yedoensis)
D--Aristocrat Pear (Pyrus calleryana ‚ÄúAristocrat‚Äù)
E--Palmetto (Sabal palmetto) ‚Äì m√≠nimum of five feet from buildings
E--Windmill Palm (Trachycarpus fortunei) ‚Äì minimum of five feet from buildings
11-2018
36
Large or Accent Shrubs (5-7 Gallon) ‚Äì Space six to ten feet apart; and five feet minimum from buildings. Shrubs indicated with an ‚Äú*‚Äù are deer resistant. Shrubs indicated with an ‚ÄúSH‚Äù require shade.
E--Anise* (Illicium anisatum)
E--Azalea SH (Azalea indica ‚Äì Varieties ‚ÄúFormosa‚Äù *, ‚ÄúGeorge L. Tabor‚Äù, ‚ÄúG.G. Gerbing‚Äù, ‚ÄúJudge Soloman‚Äù, ‚ÄúPresident Clay‚Äù, ‚ÄúRed Formosa‚Äù, and ‚ÄúSouthern Charm‚Äù *)
Semi E--Butterfly Bush (Buddleia davidii)
E--Bottlebrush* (Callistemon citrinus)
E--Camellia SH (Camellia sasanqua)
E--Chinese Fringe (Loropetalum Chinese, cultivars; Hines Prupole leafe, Burgandy, Blush)
E--Pampas Grass* (Cortaderia selloana)
Semi E--Sago Palm* (Cycas revoluta)
E--Gardenia* (Gardenia jasminoides)
E--Burford Holly* (Ilex cornuta ‚ÄúBurfordii‚Äù)
E--Wax Leaf Privet* (Ligustrum lucidum)
E--Banana Shrub* (Michello Figo)
D--Variegated Maiden Grass (Miscanthus sinensis ‚Äúvariegata‚Äù)
E--Waxmyrtle* (Myrica Cerifera)
E--Nandina * (Nandina domestica)
E--Oleander* (Nerium oleander)
E--Tea Olive* (Osmanthus fragrans)
E--Fortune‚Äôs Tea Olive *(Osmanthus fortunei)
E--Firehorn (Pyracantha koidzumi)
E--Pittosporum (Pittosporum tobira)
E--Podocarpus Yew * (Podocarpus macrophyllus maki)
D--Purple Fountain Grass (Pennisetum setaceum ‚ÄúRubrum‚Äù)
E--Sweet Viburnum (Viburnum odoratissium)
E--Laurustinus* (Viburnum tinus)
Medium Shrubs (3-5 Gallon) ‚Äì Space three to four feet apart; and two feet minimum from buildings. Shrubs indicated with an ‚Äú*‚Äù are deer-resistant. Shrubs indicated with an ‚ÄúSH‚Äù require shade.
E--Abelia (Abelia grandiflora)
D--Barberry (Berberis thunbergii ‚ÄúRose Glos‚Äù or ‚ÄúCrimson Pygmy‚Äù)
E--Boxwood* (Buxus microphylla)
E--Dwarf Bottlebrush* (Callistemon citrinus ‚ÄúLittle John‚Äù)
E--Dwarf Burford Holly* (Ilex cornuta ‚ÄúBurfordii nana‚Äù)
E--Carissa Holly* (Ilex cornuta ‚ÄúCarissa‚Äù)
E--Dwarf Yaupon Holly* (Ilex movitoria ‚ÄúNana‚Äù or ‚ÄúSchellings‚Äù)
E--Florida Jasmine (Jasminum floridum)
Semi E--Primrose Jasmine (Jasminum mesnyi)
E--Dwarf India Hawthorn (Raphiolepsis indica)
E--Yucca* (Yucca filamentosa)
E--Sanankwa Viburnum* (Viburnum Suspensum)
11-2018
37
Low Shrubs or ground covers (1 Gallon) ‚Äì Space one to six feet apart; and two feet minimum from buildings. Shrubs indicated with an ‚Äú*‚Äù are deer resistant. Shrubs indicated with an ‚ÄúSH‚Äù require shade. Shrubs indicated with a ‚ÄúV‚Äù are vines to be used with support.
E--Hollyfern SH (Cyrtomium falcatum)
E--African Iris* (Dietes vegeta)
E--Dwarf Gardenia* (Gardenia jasminoides ‚Äúradicans‚Äù)
E--Carolina Jessamine V (Gelsemium sempervirens)
Semi E--Daylily (Hemerocallis hybrida)
D--Lantana* (lantana camara)
E--Big Blue Liriope (Liriope Muscari ‚ÄúBig Blue‚Äù)
E--Variegated Liriope (Liriope muscari ‚ÄúSilvery Sunproof‚Äù)
E--Goldflame Honeysuckle V (Lonicera x heckrottii)
E--Trumpet Honeysuckle V (Lonicera sempervirens)
E--Blue Pacific Juniper* (Juniperous conferta ‚ÄúBlue pacific‚Äù)
E--Parson‚Äôs Juniper* (Juniperous davurica ‚ÄúExpansa‚Äù)
E--Blue Rug Juniper* (Juniperous horizontalis ‚ÄúWiltonii‚Äù)
E--Dwarf Japanese Garden Juniper* (Juniperous procumbens ‚Äúnana‚Äù)
E--Dwarf Nandina* (Nandina domestica ‚ÄòHarbor Dwarf‚Äù or ‚ÄúFirepower‚Äù)
E--Bank‚Äôs Rose V (Rosa bankiae)
E--Confederate Jasmine* V (Trachelospermum jasminoides)
E--Lily of the Nile (Agapanthus)
11-2018
38
APPENDIX B FLORIDA FRIENDLY PLANTS
D = Drought tolerant N = Native For more information, contact:
Florida Yards & Neighborhoods
Pasco County Extension Service
D ‚Äì Texas Sage Leucophyllum frutescens 2232 NE Jacksonville Road
Hibiscus Hibiscus x Ocala, FL 34470
Hydrangea-Endless Summer Hydrangea macrophylla 352-671-8412
Zinnia Zinnia linearis www.floridayards.org
N ‚Äì Black Eyed Susan Rudbeckia hirta
Daylily Hemerocallis
Hollyhock Alcea rosea
Geranium Pelargonium x hortorum
Gerbera Daisy Gerbera jamesonii
Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow Brunfelsia grandiflora
Mahonia-Leather Leaf Mahonia bealei
Amaryllis Hippeastrum ‚ÄòVoodoo‚Äô
Loropetalum Loropetalum Chinense rubrum
Salvia Salvia vanhoutteii ‚ÄòFaye Chapel‚Äô
Pine Cone Ginger Zingiber zerumbet
N ‚Äì Beautyberry Callicarpa Americana
N ‚Äì Blanket flower Gaillardia grandiflora ‚ÄòArizona Sun‚Äô
Bottlebrush Callistermon viminalis
Bulbine frutescens ‚ÄòHallmark‚Äô
N ‚Äì Rain Lily Zephyranthes grandiflora
Angel‚Äôs Trumpet Brugmansia x
Mexican Sunflower Tithonia diversifolia
Flame Vine Pyrostegia Venusta
N ‚Äì Groundcover Mimosa Mimosa strigillosa
N ‚Äì Muhly Grass Muhlenbergia capillaries
Butterfly Bush Buddleia davidii
Mandevilla X amabilis
Canary Island Date Palm Phoenix canariensis
Pindo Palm Butia capitata
Amaryllis Hippeastrum x hybridum
Gloriosa Lily Gloriosa superba ‚ÄòFlame Lily‚Äô
N - Loblolly Bay Tree Gordonia lasianthus
N ‚Äì Tecoma stans Tecoma stans ‚ÄòYellow Bells‚Äô
Lily of the Nile Agapanthus
Pineapple Guava Feijoa-Acca sellowiana
New Zealand Tea Tree Leptospermum scoparium
Purple Leaf Plum Prunus cerasifera
N ‚Äì Florida Flame Maple Acer rubrum ‚ÄòFlorida Flame‚Äô
Contorted Mulberry Morus bombycis ‚ÄòUnryu‚Äô
N ‚Äì Winged Elm Ulmus alata
N ‚Äì Weeping Yaupon Holly Ilex vomitoria ‚Äòpendula‚Äô
N ‚Äì Golden Dewdrop Duranta ‚ÄòAurea‚Äô or Gold Mound
Verbena Verbena spp.
N ‚Äì River Birch Betula nigra ‚ÄòDuraheat‚ÄôDel Webb At Bexley
USE OF GOLF CARTS
Use of Golf Carts on Private Roads and Multipurpose Paths: The community of Del Webb at Bexley authorizes privately owned golf cart travel on roads and multipurpose paths within the Community. It is expected that golf carts will travel on multipurpose paths unless the roads must be utilized to access a path. All golf carts will be required to meet minimum safety standards. Golf cart travel is permitted only within the boundaries of the Community and is not authorized on state, federal or county roads.
A. Registration/Operation - Registration and operation of a golf cart on designated streets shall be in compliance with the provisions of the Florida Rules of the Road and the Florida Vehicle Code.
B. Safe Working Condition - Carts must be in sound and safe working condition. No golf cart may be operated on a road or multipurpose path unless, at a minimum, it has the following: brakes, a steering apparatus, tires, a rearview mirror, red reflectorized warning devices in the front and rear, a slow moving emblem on the rear of the cart, a headlight that emits a white light visible from a distance of 500 feet to the front, a tail lamp that emits a red light visible from at least 100 feet from the rear, brake lights, and turn signals. When operated on a road or multipurpose path, a golf cart shall have its headlight and tail lamps lighted. A person who drives or is in actual physical control of a golf cart on a road or multipurpose path is subject to all motor vehicle regulations including, but not limited to, DUI provisions. Storage of carts must be in compliance with the HOA Declaration.
C. Insurance - Liability insurance must be maintained on all golf carts, with the amount of coverage determined by the owner in consultation with the owner's insurance agent. Owners will be personally responsible for the conduct of anyone operating their cart, and for any damage caused by its operation on community property. Children under the age of 16 will not be permitted to drive a golf cart on community roads and multipurpose paths.
D. Carts shall not be operated on community sidewalks, or on landscaped common areas at any time.
E. Street Rules - Carts should remain to the right side of the road where multipurpose paths are not provided, allowing regular vehicles to pass without obstruction. In so doing, operators must remain aware of and away from bikers and pedestrians. Bikers and pedestrians shall be given due consideration and a reasonable right of way at all times. Skaters, bikers, pedestrians, and golf carts will all share multipurpose paths running in conjunction with the major roads in the community.
F. Subject to Association Rules - Allowance for golf cart use in Del Webb at Bexley is intended to be a privilege and convenience to Association members, and any actions, which threaten the safety and wellbeing of the membership, or otherwise infringe upon the rights of others, will not be tolerated.850-617-6381 

srO 

VIE 

9774 2726 

OR BK 

Page 104 of 139 

8/9/2018 PM PAGE 

1/002 

Fax Server 

state of fl 

appurtmrnt of State 

I certify the attached is a true and correct copy 

of the Amended and 

Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed on August 8, 2018, for DEL WEBB 

a Florida corporation, as shown by the aro 

BEXLEY COWMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. , 

records of this office. 

V I further certify the document was electronically received under FAX audit 

This certificate is issued in accordance with 

H18000231277. 

V section 15. 16, Florida Statutes, and authenticated by the code noted below‰OB 

The document nutrber 

Authentication Code : 

GOD WE 

of this corporation is N 17000009665. 

518A00016442-080918-N17000009665-1/1 

Given under my hand and the 

Great Seal of the State of Florida, 

at Tallahassee, the Capital, this the 

Ninth day of August, 2018 

Stmt 

QVP 

VJ2 
†
9774 G2727 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION N0T FOR PROFIT) 

The Articles of Incorporation of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 

INC, a Florida not for profit corporation (the "Association"), were filed on September 26, 2017, 

and assigned Charter No. NI 7000009665. 

The Association's Articles of Incorporation shall be amended and restated in accordance 

with the Association's Articles of Incorporation and the provisions of Sections 617.1002 and 

617.1007 of the Florida Not For Profit Corporation Act. There are no members entitled to vote on 

the amendment. The amended and restated articles were adopted by the board of directors. 

Accordingly, the Articles of Incorporation are amended and restated in their entirety to read as 

follows: 

The name of the corporation is DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

1. 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida corporation not-for-profit (the "Association ) 

The principal office of the Association is 2662 S. Falkenburg Road, 

2. 

Riverview, FL 33578. 

Registered Office - Re istered A ent. The Association hereby appoints the Registered 

3. 

Agent to accept service of process within the State of Florida and to maintain all records relating 

to permitting actions by the Southwest Florida Water Management District ("SWF WMD"). The 

street address of the Registered Office of Association is 215 North Eola Drive, Orlando, FL 32801. 

The name of the Registered Agent of the Association is: 

JAMES G. KATTELMANN 

Definitions. The COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (the 

4, 

"l)eclaration") will be recorded in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, and shall govern 

all of the operations of a community to be known as DEL WEBB BEXLEY All initially 

capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Declaration. 

The Association is formed to: (a) provide for ownership, 

5. 

operation, maintenance and preservation of the Common Areas, and improvements thereon; (b) 

perform the duties delegated to it in the Declaration, Bylaws and these Articles; and (c) administer 

the interests of the Association and the Owners. 

Not for Profit. Association is a not for profit Florida corporation and does not contemplate 

6. 

Page 105 of 139 

pecuniary gain to, or profit for, its members. 

1 

003881 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2728 

OR BK 

H18000231277 3 

Powers of the Association. The Association shall, subject to the limitations and 

7. 

reservations set forth in the Declaration, have all the powers, privileges and duties reasonably 

necessary to discharge its obligations, including, but not limited to, the following: 

7.1 To perform all the duties and obligations of the Association set forth in the 

Governing Documents, including, without limitation, the Declaration and Bylaws, as herein 

provided; 

7.2 To enforce, by legal action or otherwise, the provisions of the Declaration and 

Bylaws and of all rules, regulations, covenants, restrictions and agreements governing or binding 

the Association and DEL WEBB BEXLEYï, 

7.3 To fix, levy, collect and enforce payment, by any lawful means, of all Assessments 

pursuant to the terms of the Declaration, these Articles and Bylaws. The Assessments levied by 

the Association shall be used for, among other things, the purpose of operating and maintaining 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and in particular, without limitation, for the improvement, repair and 

maintenance of the Common Areas, including without limitation the Surface Water Management 

System as well as any mitigation or preservation areas, including but not limited to work within 

retention areas, drainage structures and drainage easements, but only to the extent such 

responsibilities are not expressly dedicated to and discharged by the CDD; 

7.4 To pay all Operating Expenses, including, but not limited to, all licenses, taxes or 

governmental charges levied or imposed against the property of the Association; 

7.5 To acquire (by gift, purchase or otherwise), annex, own, hold, improve, build upon, 

operate, maintain, convey, grant rights and easements, sell, dedicate, lease, transfer or otherwise 

dispose of real or personal property (including the Common Areas) in connection with the 

functions of the Association except as limited by the Declaration; 

7.6 To borrow money, and (i) if prior to the Turnover Date, upon (a) the approval of a 

majority of the Board; and (b) the consent of Declarant, or (ii) from and after the Turnover Date, 

approval of (a) a majority of the Board; and (b) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of the members, mortgage, pledge, deed 

in trust, or hypothecate any or all of its real or personal property as security for money borrowed 

or debts incurred, including without limitation, the right to collateralize any such indebtedness 

with the Association's Assessment collection rights; 

7.7 To dedicate, grant, license, lease, concession, create easements upon, sell or transfer 

all or any part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY to any public agency, entity, authority, utility or other 

person or entity for such purposes and subject to such conditions as it determines and as provided 

in the Declaration; 

7.8 To participate in mergers and consolidations with other non-profit corporations 

organized for the same purposes; 

7.9 To adopt, publish, promulgate or enforce rules, regulations, covenants, restrictions 

or agreements governing the Association, DEL WEBB BEXLEY, the Common Areas, Lots, 

Page 106 of 139 

2 

003881 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2729 

OR BK 

Parcels and Homes as provided in the Declaration and to effectuate all of the purposes for which 

Association is organized; 

7.10 To have and exercise any and all powers, rights, and privileges which a corporation 

organized under Chapter 617 or Chapter 720, Florida Statutes by law may now or hereafter have 

or exercise, including, without limitation, the right to sue and be sued and appear and defend in all 

actions and proceedings in its corporate name to the same extent as a natural person; 

7.11 To employ personnel and retain independent contractors to contract for 

management of the Association, DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and the Common Areas as provided in the 

Declaration and to delegate in such contract all or any part of the powers and duties of the 

Association; 

7.12 To contract for services to be provided to, or for the benefit of, the Association, 

Owners, the Common Areas, and DEL WEBB BEXLEY as provided in the Declaration, such as, 

but not limited to, telecommunications services, maintenance, garbage pick-up, and utility 

services; 

7.13 To establish committees and delegate certain of its functions to those committees; 

7.14 To require all the Chmers to be members of the Association; 

7.15 In the event, and only in the event, same is not expressly dedicated to and 

discharged by the CDD, the Association shall operate, maintain and manage the Surface Water 

Management System(s) in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Permit and applicable 

SWF WMD rules, and shall assist in the enforcement of the restrictions and covenants contained 

therein; and 

7.16 To take any other action necessary in furtherance of the purposes for which the 

Association is organized. 

Voting Rights. Owners and Declarant shall have the voting rights set forth in the 

8. 

Declaration. 

Board of Directors. The affairs of the Association shall be managed by a Board of odd 

9. 

number with not less than three (3) or more than five (5) members. The initial number of Directors 

shall be three (3). Board members shall be appointed and/or elected as stated in the Bylaws. After 

the Turnover Date, the election of Directors shall be held at the annual meeting. The names and 

addresses of the members of the first Board who shall hold office until their successors are 

appointed or elected, or until removed, are as follows: are as follows: 

Page 107 of 139 

NAME 

Brady Lefere 

Michael Piendel 

003881 

ADDRESS 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

3 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2730 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Nicholas Becker 

Riverview, FL 33578 

10. Dissolution. In the event of the dissolution of the Association other than incident to a 

merger or consolidation, any member may petition the Circuit Court having jurisdiction of the 

Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida for the appointment of a receiver to manage its affairs of the 

dissolved Association and to manage the Common Areas, in the place and stead of the Association, 

and to make such provisions as may be necessary for the continued management of the affairs of 

the dissolved Association and its properties. In the event of termination, dissolution or final 

liquidation of the Association, ownership of the portion of the S W MS, if any, owned by the 

Association and the responsibility for the operation and maintenance of the SWMS must be 

transferred to and accepted by an entity in accordance with the rules and regulations of SWF WMD 

and any such transfer and acceptance must be approved in writing by SWF WMD prior to such 

termination, dissolution or liquidation. 

11. Duration. Existence of the Association shall commence with the filing of these Alticles 

with the Secretary of State, Tallahassee, Florida. The Association shall exist in perpetuity. 

12. Amendment. 

12.1 General Restrictions on Amendments. Notwithstanding any other provision herein 

to the contrary, no amendment to these Articles shall affect the rights of Declarant, unless such 

amendment receives the prior written consent of Declarant, which may be withheld for any reason 

whatsoever. If the prior written approval of any governmental entity or agency having jurisdiction 

is required by applicable law or governmental regulation for any amendment to these Articles, then 

the prior written consent of such entity or agency must also be obtained. No amendment shall be 

effective until it is recorded in the Public Records. 

12.2 Alnendnwnts rior to the Turnover. Prior to the Turnover, but subject to the general 

restrictions on amendments set forth above, Declarant shall have the right to amend these Articles 

as it deems appropriate, without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except 

to the extent limited by applicable law. Declarant's right to amend under this Section is to be 

construed as broadly as possible. In the event the Association shall desire to amend these Articles 

prior to the Turnover, the Association must first obtain Declarant's prior written consent to any 

proposed amendment. An amendment identical to that approved by Declarant may be adopted by 

the Association pursuant to the requirements for amendments from and after the Turnover. 

Declarant shall join in such identical amendment so that its consent to the same will be reflected 

in the Public Records. 

12.3 Amendments From and After the "Furnover. After the Turnover, but subject to the 

general restrictions on amendments set forth above, these Articles may be amended with the 

approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of the members. 

12.4 Com liance with HUD FHA* VA FNMA. GNMA and SWFWMD. Prior to the 

Turnover, the Declarant shall have the right to amend these Articles, from time to time, to make 

Page 108 of 139 

4 

0038811\1743668298837.vl 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2731 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested or required by 

HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD, or any other governmental agency or body as a 

condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements or agreement 

to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by mortgages on 

Lots. No approval or joinder of the Association, other Owners, or any other party shall be required 

or necessary to such amendment. After the Turnover, but subject to the general restrictions on 

amendments set forth above, the Board shall have the right to amend these Articles, from time to 

time, to make such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested 

or required by HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD or any other govermnental agency 

or body as a condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements 

or agreement to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by 

mortgages on Lots. No approval or joinder of the Owners, or any other party shall be required or 

necessary to any such amendments by the Board. 

Limitations. 

13. 

13.1 Declaration is Paramount. No amendment may be made to these Articles which 

shall in any manner reduce, amend, affect or modify the terms, conditions, provisions, rights and 

obligations set forth in the Declaration. 

13.2 Rights of Declarant. There shall be no amendment to these Articles which shall 

abridge, reduce, amend, effect or modify the rights of Declarant, unless such amendment receives 

the prior written consent of Declarant, which may be withheld for any reason whatsoever, 

13.3 Bylaws. These Articles shall not be amended in a manner that conflicts with the 

Bylaws. 

14. Officers. The Board shall elect a President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, and as 

many Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as the Board shall from time 

to time determine. The names and addresses of the Officers who shall serve until their successors 

are elected by the Board are as follows: follows: 

Page 109 of 139 

President: 

Vice President: 

Secretary 

Treasurer: 

Brady Lefere 

Michael Piendel 

Nicholas Becker 

Nicholas Becker 

Indemnification of Officers and Direct0E. Association shall and does hereby indemnify 

15. 

and hold harmless every Director and every Officer, their heirs, executors and administrators, 

against all loss, cost and expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any action, suit or 

proceeding to which such Director or Officer may be made a party by reason of being or having 

been a Director or Officer of the Association, including reasonable counsel fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels of proceeding. This indemnification shall not apply to matters 

wherein the Director or Officer shall be finally adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding to be 

liable for or guilty of gross negligence or willful misconduct. The foregoing rights shall be in 

addition to, and not exclusive of, all other rights to which such Director or Officers may be entitled. 

5 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2732 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

16. Transactions in Which Directors or Officers are Interested. No contract or transaction 

between the Association and one (1) or more of its Directors or Officers or Declarant, or between 

Association and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one 

(1) or more of its Officers or Directors are Officers, Directors or employees or otherwise interested 

shall be invalid, void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the Officer or Director 

is present at, or participates in, meetings of the Board thereof which authorized the contract or 

transaction. No Director or Officer of the Association shall incur liability by reason of the fact that 

such Director or Officer may be interested in any such contract or transaction. Interested Directors 

shall disclose the general nature of their interest and may be counted in determining the presence 

of a quorum at a meeting of the Board which authorized the contract or transaction. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being the Incorporato of this Association, has 

executed these Articles of Incorporation as of this 

day of 

2018, 

att Imann, Esq. 

Jam s 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

Page 110 of 139 

215 North Eola Drive 

Orlando, FL 32801 

6 

HI 8000231277 3 
†
9774 G2733 

OR BK 

HI 8000231277 3 

ACCEPTANCE BY REGISTERED AGENT 

The undersigned, having been named to accept service of process for the above-stated 

corporation at the place designated in this certificate, hereby agrees to act in this capacity, and is 

familiar with, and accepts, the obligations of this position and further agrees to comply with the 

provisions of all statutes relative to the proper and complete performance of its duties. 

Page 111 of 139 

day of 

Dated this 

Registered Office: 

215 N01th Eola Drive 

Orlando, FL 32801 

Principal Corporate Office: 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

2018. 

LOWNDES, DROSDICK, DOSTER, KANTOR & 

REED, P.A. 

By: 

ames Katteln ann 

7 

HI 8000231277 3 

9774 G2735 

OR BK 

BYLAWS 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION NOT FOR PROFIT) 

Name and Location. The name of the corporation is DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

1. 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. (the "Association"). The principal office of the 

corporation shall be located at 2662 S. Falkenburg Road, Riverview, FL 33578, or at such other 

location determined by the Board of Directors (the "Board") from time to time. 

Definitions. The definitions contained in the COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL 

2. 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Declaration") relating to the residential community known as DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, recorded, or to be recorded, in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, are 

incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. In addition to the terms defined in the 

Declaration, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

"Minutes" shall mean the minutes of all member and Board meetings, which shall be in 

the form required by the Florida Statutes. In the absence of governing Florida Statutes, the Board 

shall determine the form of the minutes. 

"Official Records" shall mean all records required to be maintained by the Association 

pursuant to Section 720.303(4) of the Florida Statutes, as amended from time to time. 

Page 113 of 139 

3. 

Members. 

3.1 Voting Interests. Each Owner and the Declarant shall be a member of the 

Association. No person who holds an interest in a Lot only as security for the performance of an 

obligation shall be a member of the Association. Membership shall be appurtenant to, and may 

not be separated from, ownership of any Lot. There shall be one (l) vote appurtenant to each Lot. 

Prior to the Turnover, the Declarant shall have Voting Interests equal to nine (9) votes per Lot 

owned, provided, however, as to land which is annexed or added pursuant to the terms of this 

Declaration or any parcel designated as a Future Development Tract (or similar term) or set aside 

for future development under the Plat, Declarant shall be entitled to fourteen (14) votes per acre 

or fraction thereof contained within such parcel owned by Declarant until such time as the parcel 

is platted into Lots, whereupon Declarant shall be entitled to nine (9) votes per Lot in lieu of the 

votes per acre. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the Turnover Date, the Declarant 

shall have Voting Interest equal to one (1) vote for each Lot owned. For the purposes of 

determining who may exercise the Voting Interest associated with each Lot, the following rules 

shall govern: 

l. I . Home Owned By Husband and Wife. Either the husband or wife (but not 

both) may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to a Lot. In the event the husband and wife 

cannot agree, neither may exercise the Voting Interest. 

I .2. Trusts. In the event that any trust owns a Lot, the Association shall have no 

obligation to review the trust agreement with respect to such trust. By way of example, if the Lot 

2 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2736 

OR BK 

is owned by Robert Smith, as Trustee, Robert Smith shall be deemed the Owner of the Lot for all 

Association purposes. If the Lot is owned by Robert Smith as Trustee for the Laura Jones Trust, 

then Robert Smith shall be deemed the member with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. 

If the Lot is owned by the Laura Jones Trust, and the deed does not reference a trustee, then Laura 

Jones shall be deemed the member with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. If the Lot 

is owned by the Jones Family Trust, the Jones Family Trust may not exercise its Voting Interest 

unless it presents to the Association, in the form of an attorney opinion letter or affidavit reasonably 

acceptable to the Association, the identification of the person who should be treated as the member 

with respect to the Lot for all Association purposes. If Robert Smith and Laura Jones, as Trustees, 

hold title to a Lot, either trustee may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. In the 

event of a conflict between trustees, the Voting Interest for the Lot in question cannot be exercised. 

In the event that any other form of trust ownership is presented to the Association, the decision of 

the Board as to who may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to any Lot shall be final. The 

Association shall have no obligation to obtain an attorney opinion letter in making its decision, 

which may be made on any reasonable basis whatsoever. 

1.3. Corporations. If a Lot is owned by a corporation, the corporation shall 

designate a person, an officer, employee, or agent who shall be treated as the member who can 

exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. 

Partnerships. If a Lot is owned by a limited partnership, any one of the 

general partners may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. By way of example, if 

the general partner of a limited partnership is a corporation, then the provisions hereof governing 

corporations shall govern which person can act on behalf of the corporation as general partner of 

such limited partnership. If a Lot is owned by a general partnership, any one of the general partners 

may exercise the Voting Interest associated with such Lot. In the event of a conflict among general 

partners entitled to exercise a Voting Interest, the Voting Interest for such Lot cannot be exercised. 

1.5. Multiple Individuals. If a Lot is owned by more than one individual, any 

one of such individuals may exercise the Voting Interest with respect to such Lot. In the event that 

there is a conflict among such individuals, the Voting Interest for such Lot cannot be exercised. 

1.6. Liability of the Association. The Association may act in reliance upon any 

writing or instrument or signature, whether original or facsimile, which the Association, in good 

faith, believes to be genuine, may assume the validity and accuracy of any statement or assertion 

contained in such a writing or instrument, and may assume that any person purporting to give any 

writing, notice, advice or instruction in connection with the provisions hereof has been duly 

authorized to do so. So long as the Association acts in good faith, the Association shall have no 

liability or obligation with respect to the exercise of Voting Interests, and no election shall be 

invalidated (in the absence of fraud) on the basis that the Association permitted or denied any 

In addition, the Board may impose additional 

person the right to exercise a Voting Interest. 

requirements respecting the exercise of Voting Interests (e.g., the execution of a Voting Certificate). 

3.2 Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of the members (the "Annual Members 

Meeting") shall be held at least once each calendar year on a date, at a time, and at a place to be 

determined by the Board. 

3 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 114 of 139 
†
9774 G2737 

OR BK 

Special Meetings of the Members. Special meetings of the members (a "Special 

3.3 

Members Meetino") may be called by a majority of the Board, or upon written request of thirty 

percent (30%) of the Voting Interests of the members. The business to be conducted at a Special 

Members Meeting shall be limited to the extent required by Florida Statutes. 

3.4 Notice of Members Meetings. Notice of each members meeting shall be given by, 

or at the direction of, any officer of the Board or any management company retained by the 

Association in any manner permitted by the Florida Statutes applicable to same. A copy of the 

notice shall be mailed to each member entitled to vote, postage prepaid, not less than fourteen (14) 

days before the meeting (provided, however, in the case of an emergency, two (2) days' notice will 

be deemed sufficient), unless otherwise required by Florida law. The notice shall be addressed to 

the member's address last appearing on the books of the Association. The notice shall specify the 

place, day, and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a Special Members Meeting, the purpose of 

the meeting. Alternatively, and to the extent not prohibited by the Florida Statutes, the Board may 

adopt from time to time, other procedures for giving notice to the members of the Annual Members 

Meeting or a Special Members Meeting. By way of example, and not of limitation, such notice 

may be included in a newsletter sent to each member. 

3.5 Quorum of Members. Until the Turnover, a quorum shall be established by 

Declarant's presence, in person or by proxy, at any meeting. From and after the Turnover, a 

quorum for purposes of conducting business shall be established by the presence, in person or by 

proxy, of the members entitled to cast ten percent (10%) of the total Voting Interests, subject to 

reduction as provided in Section 3.6 below. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, 

in the event that technology permits members to participate in member meetings and vote on 

matters electronically, then the Board shall have authority, without the joinder of any other party, 

to revise this provision to establish appropriate quorum requirements. 

3.6 Ad'ournment of Members Meetin s. If, however, a quorum shall not be present at 

any members meeting, the meeting may be adjourned as provided in the Florida Statutes. In the 

absence of a provision in the Florida Statutes, the members present shall have power to adjourn 

the meeting and reschedule it on another date. If any such meeting is adjourned and rescheduled 

for failure to meet quorum requirements, the quorum requirement for the rescheduled meeting 

shall be one-half (1/2) of the quorum requirement for the adjourned meeting. 

3.7 Action of Members. Decisions that require a vote of the members must be made 

by a concurrence of a majority of the Voting Interests present in person or by proxy, represented at 

a meeting at which a quorum has been obtained unless provided otherwise in the Declaration, the 

Articles, or these Bylaws. 

Proxies. At all meetings, members may vote their Voting Interests in person or by 

3.8 

proxy. All proxies shall comply with the provisions of Section 720.306(8), Florida Statutes, as 

amended from time to time, be in writing, and be filed with the Secretary at, or prior to, the 

meeting. Every proxy shall be revocable prior to the meeting for which it is given. 

Page 115 of 139 

4. 

Board of Directors. 

4 

003881 1 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2738 

OR BK 

4.1 Number. The affairs of the Association shall be managed by a Board consisting of 

no less than three (3) persons and no more than five (5) persons. Board members appointed by 

Declarant or Founder need not be members of the Association. Board members elected by Owners 

must be members of the Association. 

Pre-Turnover Director. Pursuant to Section 720.307(2), Florida Statutes Owners 

are entitled to elect one (l) member of the Board (the "Pre-Turnover Director") when fifty 

percent (50%) of all the Lots ultimately planned for DEL WEBB BEXLEY are conveyed to 

Owners. If no Owners are willing to serve as a Pre-Turnover Director, a replacement Director 

shall be selected pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof to serve until the next Annual Members Meeting, 

at which time nominations will again be solicited for a Pre-Turnover Director to be elected in 

conjunction with the Annual Members Meeting. The term of the Pre- Turnover Director shall 

expire at the second (2nd) Annual Members Meeting after the election of the Pre-Turnover Director. 

4.3 Term of Office. The term of office for the Pre-Turnover Director shall end on the 

Turnover Date. Except with respect to the Pre-Turnover Director, the election of Directors shall 

take place after Declarant no longer has the authority to appoint a majority Board and shall take 

place on the Turnover Date. On the Turnover Date the members shall elect three (3) Directors: 

one (1) Director for a term of one (l) year, one (1) Director for a term two (2) years, and one (1) 

Director for a term of three (3) years. The candidate receiving the most votes shall serve as the 

Director for three (3) years; the candidate receiving the second highest number of votes shall serve 

as Director for two (2) years; and the candidate receiving the least amount of votes shall serve as 

Director for one (l) year. At each Annual Members Meeting thereafter, the members shall elect 

the appropriate number of Directors for a term of three (3) years. Each Director's respective term 

shall end upon the election of new Directors at the Annual Members Meeting (except that the term 

of any Director appointed by Declarant shall extend until the date designated by Declarant, or until 

the Turnover Date). 

4.4 Removal. Any vacancy created by the resignation or removal of a Board member 

appointed by Declarant may be replaced by Declarant. Declarant may replace or remove any 

Board member appointed by Declarant in Declarant's sole and absolute discretion. In the event of 

death or resignation of a Director elected by the members, the remaining Directors may fill such 

vacancy. Directors may be removed with or without cause by the vote or agreement in writing of 

members holding a majority of the Voting Interests. 

4.5 Compensation. No Director shall receive compensation for any service rendered 

as a Director to the Association; provided, however, any Director tnay be l'eimbursed for actual 

expenses incurred as a Director. 

4.6 Action Taken Without a Meeting. Except to the extent prohibited by law, the Board 

shall have the right to take any action without a meeting by obtaining the written approval of the 

required number of Directors. Any action so approved shall have the satne effect as though taken 

at a meeting of Directors. 

4.7 Appointment and Election of Directors. Until the Turnover, the Declarant shall 

have the unrestricted power to appoint a mqjority of the Directors of the Association, subject, 

however, to the option of the Founder to appoint one (l) Director of the Association until such 

5 

003881 1 

Page 116 of 139 
†
9774 G2739 

OR BK 

time as Declarant has purchased all of the Additional Property from Founder pursuant to the 

Declarant Purchase Contract pursuant to Section 28.5 of the Declaration. From and after the 

Turnover, or such earlier date determined by Declarant in its sole and absolute discretion, the 

members shall elect all Directors of the Association at or in conjunction with the Annual Members 

Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after Turnover, for so long as Declarant holds 

at least five percent (5%) of the total number of Lots planned for DEL WEBB BEXLEY out for 

sale, Declarant, at Declarant's sole option, may elect one (l ) member of the Board, which may be 

designated by the Founder pursuant to Section 28.5 of the Declaration. Nothing herein shall 

require Declarant to elect or place any members on the Board after Turnover. 

4.8 Election. Election to the Board shall be by secret written ballot, unless unanimously 

waived by all members present. The persons receiving the most votes shall be elected. Cumulative 

voting is not permitted. 

Page 117 of 139 

5. 

Meeting of Directors. 

5.1 Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held on a schedule 

adopted by the Board from time to time. Meetings shall be held at such place and hour as may be 

fixed, from time to time, by resolution of the Board. 

Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board shall be held when called by the 

5.2 

President, or by any two (2) Directors. Each Director shall be given not less than two (2) days' 

notice except in the event of an emergency. Notice may be waived. Attendance shall be a waiver 

of notice. Telephone conference meetings are permitted. 

5.3 Emergencies. In the event of an emergency involving immediate danger of injury 

or death to any person or damage to property, if a meeting of the Board cannot be immediately 

convened to determine a course of action, the President or, in his absence, any other officer or 

director, shall be authorized to take such action on behalf of the Association as shall be reasonably 

required to appropriately respond to the emergency situation, including the expenditure of the 

Association funds in the minimum amount as may be reasonably required under the circumstances. 

The authority of officers to act in accordance herewith shall remain in effect until the first to occur 

of the resolution of the emergency situation or a meeting of the Board convened to act in response 

thereto. 

5.4 Quorum. A majority of the number of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the 

transaction of business. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the Directors present 

at a duly held meeting, at which a quorum is present, or in writing in lieu thereof, shall be action 

of the Board. Directors may attend meetings telephonically. When some or all Directors meet by 

telephone conference, those Directors attending by telephone conference shall be counted toward 

obtaining a quorum and may vote by telephone. A telephone speaker shall be utilized at the noticed 

location of the meeting so that the conversation of those Directors may be heard by the Board, as 

well as any member present at the meeting. Members may not attend Board meetings 

telephonically. 

5.5 Open Meetings. Meetings of the Board shall be open to all members except that 

meetings between the Board or a committee established by the Board and the Association's 

6 

003881 1 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2740 

OR BK 

attorney to discuss proposed or pending litigation or meetings of the Board held for the purpose of 

discussing personnel Inatters are not required to be open to members other than the Directors. 

5.6 Voting. Board members shall cast votes in the manner provided in the Florida 

Statutes. In the absence of a statutory provision, the Board shall establish the manner in which 

votes shall be cast. 

5.7 Notice of Board Meetings. Notices of meetings of the Board shall be posted in a 

conspicuous place on the Common Areas at least 48 hours in advance, except in an event of an 

emergency. Alternatively, notice may be given to members in any other manner provided by 

Florida Statute. By way of example, and not of limitation, notice may be given in any newsletter 

distributed to the members. For the purposes of giving notice, the area for notices to be posted 

selected by the Board shall be deemed a conspicuous place. Notwithstanding anything to the 

contrary herein, notice of any meeting of the Board at which an Assessment will be levied must be 

provided to all members at least fourteen (14) days before the meeting, which notice shall include 

a statement that Assessments will be considered at the meeting and the nature of the Assessments. 

Page 118 of 139 

6. 

Powers and Duties of the Board. 

Powers. The Board shall, subject to the limitations and reservations set forth in the 

6.1 

Declaration and Articles, have the powers reasonably necessary to manage, operate, maintain and 

discharge the duties of the Association, including, but not limited to, the power to cause 

Association to do the following: 

1.1. General. Exercise all powers, duties and authority vested in or delegated to 

the Association by law and in these Bylaws, the Articles, and the Declaration, including without 

limitation, adopt budgets, levy Assessments, enter into contracts with Telecommunications 

Providers for Telecommunications Services. 

I .2. Rules and Regulations. Adopt, publish, promulgate and enforce rules and 

regulations governing the use of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by the members, tenants and their guests 

and invitees, and to establish penalties and/or fines for the infraction thereof subject only to the 

requirements of the Florida Statutes, if any. 

I .3. Enforcement. Suspend the right of use of the Common Areas (other than 

for vehicular and pedestrian ingress and egress and for utilities) of a member during any period in 

which such member shall be in default in the payment of any Assessment or charge levied, or 

collected, by the Association. 

I .4. Declare Vacancies. Declare the office of a member of the Board to be vacant 

in the event such member shall be absent from three (3) consecutive regular Board meetings. 

I . 5. Hire Employees. Employ, on behalf of the Association, managers, 

independent contractors, or such other employees as it deems necessary, to prescribe their duties 

and delegate to such Inanager, contractor, etc., any or all of the duties and functions of the 

Association and/or its officers. 

7 

00.3881 1 74366\3431 786.v7 
†
9774 G2741 

OR BK 

I .6. Common Areas. Acquire, sell, operate, lease, manage and otherwise trade 

and deal with property, real and personal, including the Common Areas, as provided in the 

Declaration, and with any other matters involving the Association or its members, on behalf of the 

Association or the discharge of its duties, as may be necessary or convenient for the operation and 

management of the Association and in accomplishing the purposes set forth in the Declaration. 

I .7. Granting of Interest. Grant licenses, easements, permits, leases, or 

privileges to any individual or entity, which affect Common Areas and to alter, add to, relocate or 

improve the Common Areas as provided in the Declaration. 

Financial Reports. Prepare all financial reports required by the Florida 

1.8. 

Statutes. 

6.2 Vote. The Board shall exercise all powers so granted, except where the Declaration, 

Articles or these Bylaws specifically require a vote of the members. 

6.3 Limitations. Until the Turnover, Declarant shall have and is hereby granted a right 

to disapprove or veto any such action, policy, or program proposed or authorized by the 

Association, the Board, the ARC, any committee of the Association, or the vote of the members. 

This right may be exercised by Declarant at any time within sixty (60) days following a meeting 

held pursuant to the terms and provisions hereof. This right to disapprove may be used to veto 

proposed actions but shall not extend to the requiring of any action or counteraction on behalf of 

the Association, the Board, the ARC or any committee of the Association. 

6.4 Elected Director Certification. 

4.1. Within 90 days after being elected or appointed to the Board, each Director 

shall certify in writing to the Secretary of the Association that he or she has read the Association's 

declaration of covenants, articles of incorporation, bylaws, and current written rules and policies; 

that he or she will work to uphold such documents and policies to the best of his or her ability; and 

that he or she will faithfully discharge his or her fiduciary responsibility to the Association's 

members. Within 90 days after being elected or appointed to the Board, in lieu of such written 

certification, the newly elected or appointed Director may submit a certificate of having 

satisfactorily completed the educational curriculum administered by an education provider 

approved by the Division of Florida Condominiums, Timeshares and Mobile homes in the 

Department of Business and Professional Regulations within I year before or 90 days after the 

date of election or appointment. 

4.2. The written certification or educational certificate provided pursuant to 

Section 6.4. I hereof shall be valid for the uninterrupted tenure of the Director on the Board. A 

Director who does not timely file the written certification or educational certificate shall be 

suspended from the Board until he or she complies with the requirement. The Board may 

temporarily fill the vacancy during the period of suspension. 

4.3. The Association shall retain each Director's written certification or 

educational certificate for inspection by the members for 5 years after the Director's election. 

However, the failure to have the written certification or educational certificate on file does not 

affect the validity of any Board action. 

8 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 119 of 139 
†
9774 G2742 

OR BK 

Obligations of the Association. Association, subject to the provisions of the Declaration, 

Articles, and these Bylaws shall discharge such duties as necessary to operate the Association 

pursuant to the Declaration, including, but not limited to, the following: 

7.1 Official Records. Maintain and make available all Official Records; 

Supervision. Supervise all officers, agents and employees of the Association, and 

7.2 

to see that their duties are properly performed; 

7.3 Assessments and Fines. Fix and collect the amount of the Assessments and fines; 

take all necessary legal action; and pay, or cause to be paid, all obligations of the Association or 

where the Association has agreed to do so, of the members; and 

7.4 Enforcement. Enforce the provisions of the Declaration, Articles, these Bylaws, 

and Rules and Regulations. 

Page 120 of 139 

8. 

Officers and Their Duties. 

8.1 Officers. The officers of this Association shall be a President, a Vice President, a 

Secretary, and a Treasurer. 

8.2 Election of Officers. After the Turnover, and except as set forth below, the election 

of officers shall be by the Board and shall take place at the first meeting of the Board following 

each Annual Members Meeting. 

8.3 Term. The officers named in the Articles shall serve until their replacement by the 

Board. The officers of the Association shall hold office until their successors are appointed or 

elected unless such officer shall sooner resign, be removed, or otherwise disqualified to serve. 

Special Appointment. The Board may elect such other officers as the affairs of the 

8.4 

Association may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and 

perform such duties as the Board may, from time to time, determine. 

8.5 Resignation and Removal. Any officer may be removed from office, with or 

without cause, by the Board. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the 

Board. Such resignation shall take effect on the date of receipt of such notice or at any later time 

specified therein. Acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

8.6 Vacancies. A vacancy in any office shall be filled by appointment by the Board. 

The officer appointed to such vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of the replaced 

officer. 

8.7 Multiple Offices. The office of President and Vice-President shall not be held by 

the same person. All other offices may be held by the same person. 

8.8 Duties. The duties of the officers are as follows: 

9 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2743 

OR BK 

President. The President shall preside at all meetings of the Association and 

8.1. 

Board, sign all leases, mortgages, deeds and other written instruments and perform such other 

duties as may be required by the Board. The President shall be a member of the Board. 

8.2. Vice President. The Vice President shall act in the place and stead of the 

President in the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the President, and perform such 

other duties as may be required by the Board. 

Secretar . The Secretary shall record the votes and keep the Minutes of all 

8.3. 

meetings and proceedings of the Association and the Board; keep the corporate seal of the 

Association and affix it on all papers required to be sealed; serve notice of meetings of the Board 

and of the Association; keep appropriate current records showing the names of the members of the 

Association together with their addresses; and perform such other duties as required by the Board. 

8.4. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall cause to be received and deposited in 

appropriate bank accounts all monies of the Association and shall disburse such funds as directed 

by the Board; sign, or cause to be signed, all checks, and promissory notes of the Association; 

cause to be kept proper books of account and accounting records required pursuant to the 

provisions of Section 720.303 of the Florida Statutes cause to be prepared in accordance with 

generally accepted accounting principles all financial reports required by the Florida Statutes; and 

perform such other duties as required by the Board. 

Page 121 of 139 

9. 

Committees. 

9.1 General. The Board may appoint such committees as deemed appropriate. The 

Board may fill any vacancies on all committees. 

9.2 ARC. Declarant shall have the sole right to appoint the members of the ARC until 

the Community Completion Date. Upon expiration of the right of Declarant to appoint members 

of the ARC, the Board shall appoint the members of the ARC. As provided under the Declaration, 

the Association shall have the authority and standing to seek enforcement in courts of competent 

jurisdiction any decisions of the ARC. 

10. Records. The official records of the Association shall be available for inspection by any 

member at the principal office of the Association. Copies may be purchased, by a member, at a 

reasonable cost. 

11. 

12. 

Corporate Seal. Association shall have an impression seal in circular form. 

Amendments. 

12.1 General Restrictions on Amendments. Notwithstanding any other provision herein 

to the contrary, no amendment to these Bylaws shall affect the rights of Declarant unless such 

amendment receives the prior written consent of Declarant which may be withheld for any reason 

whatsoever. If the prior written approval of any governmental entity or agency having jurisdiction 

is required by applicable law or governmental regulation for any amendment to these Bylaws, then 

the prior written consent of such entity or agency must also be obtained. No amendment shall be 

effective until it is recorded in the Public Records. 

10 

003881 74366\.3431786.v7 
†
9774 

OR BK 

G 2744 

Page 122 of 139 

12.2 Amendments Prior to the Turnover. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant shall have the 

right to amend these Bylaws as it deems appropriate, without the joinder or consent of any person 

or entity whatsoever, except as limited by applicable law. Declarant's right to amend under this 

provision is to be construed as broadly as possible. In the event the Association shall desire to 

amend these Bylaws prior to the Turnover, the Association must first obtain Declarant's prior 

written consent to any proposed amendment. An amendment identical to that approved by 

Declarant may be adopted by the Association pursuant to the requirements for amendments from 

and after the Turnover. Thereafter, Declarant shall join in such identical amendment so that its 

consent to the same will be reflected in the Public Records. 

12.3 Amendments From and After the Turnover. After the Turnover, but subject to the 

general restrictions on amendments set forth above, these Bylaws may be amended with the 

approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly called meeting of the members. Notwithstanding the 

foregoing, these Bylaws may be amended after the Turnover by a majority of the Board acting 

alone to change the number of directors on the Board and their respective terms. Such change 

shall not require the approval of the members. Any change in the number of directors shall not 

take effect until the next Annual Members Meeting. 

12.4 Compliance with HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA and SWFWMD. Prior to the 

Turnover, the Declarant shall have the right to amend these Bylaws, from time to time, to make 

such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested or required by 

HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD, or any other governmental agency or body as a 

condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements or agreement 

to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by mortgages on 

Lots. No approval or joinder of the Association, other Owners, or any other party shall be required 

or necessary to such amendment. After the Turnover Date, but subject to the general restrictions 

on amendments set forth above, the Board shall have the right to amend these Bylaws, from time 

to time, to make such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested 

or required by HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD or any other governmental agency 

or body as a condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements 

or agreement to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by 

mortgages on Lots. No approval or joinder of the Owners, or any other party, shall be required or 

necessary to any such amendments by the Board. 

Conflict. In the case of any conflict between the Articles and these Bylaws, the Articles 

13. 

shall control. In the case of any conflict between the Declaration and these Bylaws, the Declaration 

shall control. 

Fiscal Year. The first fiscal year shall begin on the date of incorporation and end on 

14. 

December 31 of that year. Thereafter, the fiscal year of the Association shall begin on the first day 

of January and end on the 3 1 st day of December of every year. 

15. Miscellaneous. 

11 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2745 

OR BK 

15.1 Whenever these Bylaws refers to the Florida Statutes, it shall be 

deemed to refer to the Florida Statutes as they exist on the date these Bylaws are recorded except 

to the extent provided otherwise as to any particular provision of the Florida Statutes. 

15,2 Severability. Invalidation of any of the provisions of these Bylaws by judgment or 

court order shall in no way affect any other provision, and the remainder of these Bylaws shall 

remain in full force and effect. 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Brady Lefere, do hereby certify that: 

1 am the duly elected and acting President of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

Page 123 of 139 

ASSOCIATION, INC, a Florida corporation not for profit; and, 

THAT the foregoing Bylaws constitute the original Bylaws of said Associa 

ad ted at meeting of the Board of Directors thereof, held on the 

2018. 

as duly 

day of 

IN WITNESS I hav hereunt subscribed my name and affixed the seal of 

day of u}. 

2018. 

said Association this 

ere, Preside 

RPORATE SEAL) 

12 

0038811 

9815 PG3107 

2018189858 

OR BK 

1 of10 

11/08/2018 04:38PM Rcpt20D5DD0 Rec. 8550 OS: 0.00 IT: COO 

'I'aura s. O'Neil,- Th.'LJÑ Pasco County CTcrk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

ó -SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESER VED FOR RECORDING DATAó 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(PECLARING ADDITION AL EASEMENTS) 

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL 

WEBB BEXI Y (DECLARING ADDITIONAL EASEMENTS) (the "First Amendment") 

is made as of 

, 2018, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan 

limited liability company au orized to transact business in the State of Florida (the 

"Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 

INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP-BFXLEY, LLC, a 

Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into 

that certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623 of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 

"Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as 

defined in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, 

without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by 

applicable law as it exists on the original date Of recording Of the Declaration or as otherwise 

expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 Of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording Of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this First Amendment to 

(i) amend and restate multiple provisions of the Declaration to provide that terms and provisions 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3108 

Pne 2 Of 10 

Of the Declaration which applied to "Pool Enclosures" and "Pool Landscaping" in the original 

recorded version of the Declaration shall apply to "PooVPatio Enclosures" and "PooVPatio 

Enclosure Landscaping" as those terms are defined in amended and restated Section 10.2.2 of the 

Declaration set forth hereinbelow, (ii) amend and restate Section 10.12 of the Declaration to 

confirm that maintenance, repair and replacement of sidewalks located on a Lot or within 

Common Areas shall be the responsibility of the Association, subject to the Lot Owner's 

obligation to reimburse the Association for damages to such sidewalks caused by the negligent or 

willful acts of such Owner, their Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees, (iii) 

amend and restate Section 10.10 of the Declaration to provide that the Association or CDD, as 

applicable, shall maintain the interior of any Perimeter Walls/Fences or portions thereof located 

on any Owner's Lot and (iv) amend and restate Section 12.4.3 of the Declaration to clarify the 

vehicles which are prohibited in DEL WEBB BEXLEY; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this First Amendment for 

the purpose of adding Section 15.12 declaring and granting the Additional Perimeter Wall/Fencc 

Easements (as that term is defined below) over portions of certain Lots and Common Area Tracts 

Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, all as more particularly set forth herein below; 

WHEREAS, Section 21.7 of the Declaration provides that, until the Community 

Completion Date, Declarant reserves the exclusive right to grant, in its sole discretion, 

easements, permits and/or licenses for ingress and egress, drainage, utilities, maintenance, 

Telecommunications Services and other purposes over, under, upon and across DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY so long as any said easements do not materially and adversely interfere with the 

intended use of Homes previously conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this First Amendment, Declarant and the 

Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all of the Lots and Common Area Tracts 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this First Amendment to confirm its 

approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this First Amendment to confirm its approval of 

and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this First Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the 

Association and Founder join in and consent to this First Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 

incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall 

have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

Addition of Amended and Restated Sections 10.2.2. 10.2.3. 10.4. 10.10. 10.12. 

2. 

11.8.2.1. 12.4.3. 12.14. 12.21 and 12.31. Sections 10.2.2, 10.2.3, 10.4, 10.10, 10.12, 11.8.2.1, 

12.14, 12.21 and 12.31 are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows 

(additions underlined and deletions identified by strike-through): 

2 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3109 

3 of 10 

maintenance (including, mowing, fertilizing, watering, mulching, pruning, 

and replacing as deemed necessary by the Association in its sole discretion, and 

controlling disease and insects), of all lawns and landscaping installed on the Lots as part 

of the initial construction on the Lots, specifically excluding landscaping located within 

any fenced in or enclosed area containing a pool or screened in patio installed on the Int 

by Declarant in connection with the initial construction of a hHome or by any Owner 

with ARC approval (each a "PooVPatio Enclosure" and such landscaping "PooVPatio 

Enclosure Landscaping"). Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping must be approved by the 

ARC and shall be irrigated and maintained by the Lot Owner at their sole cost and 

expense; 

10.2.3 No Owner or Lessee shall install any additional landscaping, including 

flowers, trees or shrubs, on any Lot after completion of initial construction on any Lot 

without obtaining ARC approval of same. Any such landscaping installed by an Owner 

(including prior Owners) on any Lot (the 'Owner Installed Landscaping"), regardless 

of whether such Owner Installed Landscaping is permitted pursuant to this Section 10.2, 

shall be the responsibility of the Owner and not the responsibility of the Association. The 

Association may, but shall not be obligated to, irrigate, fertilize, spray for insects, mulch, 

trim or prune Owner Installed Landscaping, with the additional cost of same to be an 

additional Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot. The Association may also 

elect to discontinue irrigation and maintenance of Owner Installed Landscaping at any 

time in its sole discretion. In no event shall the Association be responsible to maintain 

Pool/Pati0 Enclosure Landscaping. Any (i) Owner Installed Landscaping installed or 

maintained on any Lot and (ii) any Association irrigation or maintenance Of any Owner 

Installed Landscaping on any Lot shall be at such Lot Owner's sole expense and risk. 

The Association shall not be responsible for damage to, or obligated to replace any, 

Owner Installed Landscaping Or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping under any 

circumstances. Nothing herein shall be deemed to authorize the installation of Owner 

Installed Landscaping, Pool/_E4LiQ Enclosures or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping on 

any Lot by any Owner without ARC approval Of same, which can be withheld in the 

ARC's sole discretion. 

10.4 Landscape Maintenance. The Association shall maintain all landscaping 

within any "'Landscape Easement" "Landscape/Wall Tract" Or Other ponion of any Lot or 

Tract (a) dedicated to the Association for landscape purposes ("Landscape Tract") or (b) 

subject to a landscaping easement in favor of the Association (a "Landscape Easement") 

as designated on the Plat or by separate recorded easement. The Association may also 

irrigate and maintain landscaping within any CDD Tract and maintain, repair and replace 

any portion of the Perimeter Wall/Fence within any CDD Tract pursuant to a separate 

maintenance agreement with the CDD, and all cost of same shall be an Operating 

Expense. No Owner or Lessee shall install, remove, maintain, modify, disturb or alter 

any landscaping installed within any Landscape Easement. Except as otherwise provided 

in this Declaration, the Association shall have no responsibility for the maintenance of 

landscaped areas within any Lot, including without limitation, any Owner Installed 

Landscaping or Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping. Except as provided in this 

Declaration or to the extent expressly assumed by the Association or CDD, the record 

title owner of each such Lot shall be responsible for the repair, replacement and 

3 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3110 

4 of I O 

maintenance of the irrigation and all landscaped areas and other improvements within any 

portion Of the Lot, including, without limitation, maintenance Of the elevation, grade and 

slope of the Lot, maintenance of the ponion of the SWMS located on the and 

repairing any damage to sidewalks, utilities or the SWMS lesulting from any trees or 

landscaping on the Lot. 

10.10 Perimeter Walls and Fences. The Declarant or CDD may install perimetef 

walls or fences, including a retaining wall, w-iÂ-i-H 

any Lot. Common Area or CDD Tract !the "Perimeter Walls/Fenees"l within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY including within any fence or wall 

Common-4Xrea-0E-any-CDDóTrac0 as set forth on the Plat or created pursuant to this 

Declaration or by separate usernent instrument Or maintenance agreement with respect to 

same (the "Perimeter WalVFence Easement"i. To the extent any Perimeter Wall,'Fence 

is insealled on or within five (5) feet of any LOL a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement is 

herebv created over anv portion of anv Lot that contains such Perimeter Wall/Fence or is 

within five (5) feet or such Perimeter Wall/Fcnce. The Association or CDD, as 

applicable, at all times shall have the right to maintain, repalr, replace any Perimeter 

Walls/Fences within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including Perimeter Walls/Fences located 

On Lots, Common AreÊs or on any CDD Tract; 

To the extent permitted as part of a Pool/Patio Enclosure, Owners may install walls or 

fences on their Lot which abut perpendicularly (or at such other angle consistent with the 

angle of intersection of the lot lines of such Owner's Lot with the Perimeter Wall/Fence) 

against any Perimeter Walls,'Fences, but no such wall or fence or any other improvements 

installed by any Owner may be affixed or attached to any Perimeter Walls/Fences or 

otherwise located within a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement. In addition, no Owner may 

install or permit to grow any trees, shrubs or landscaping Other than sod within any 

Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement or within five (5) feet of any Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

The Association, or CDD, as applicable, may perform (and is hereby granted an easement 

Of ingress and egress and temporary construction over all Lots as reasonably necessary to 

perform) any such maintenance, repairs or replacement of the Perimeter Walls/Fences at 

their discretion and the costs of any such maintenance, repairs or replacement by the 

Association shall be Operating Expenses. Failure Of the Association or CDD, as 

applicable, to undertake any such maintenance, replacement or repair of the Perimeter 

Walls/Fences shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so thereafter. 

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, the Declarant neither 

commits to, nor shall hereby be obligated to, construct such Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

10.12 Sidewalks. The Association shall be responsible for the maintenance and 

repair of all sidewalks within DEL WEBB BEXLEY located in the Common Areas or on 

any Lot; however, each Owner agrees to reimburse the Association any expense incurred 

in repairing any damage to such sidewalk in the event that the negligent or willful acts of 

such Owner, their Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees caused such 

damage to any sidewalk area. Failure Of an Owner to reimburse the Association any 

costs necessitated by such negligent or willful acts shall subject the Owner to an 

Individual Assessment for such costs. Maintenance, repair and replacement of sidewalks 

4 

0038811 k' 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3111 

p * 5 Of I 

walkways other than sidewalks located on any Lot, including walkways from the 

driveway to the Home, shall be the responsibility Of the Lot Owner. 

No Owner shall allow sprinklers installed or operated by 

11.8.2.1 

such Owner with respect to Pool/Patio Enclosure Landscaping to spray or other 

water sources owned or operated by such Owner or their Lessee to deliver water 

within one foot (l') Of any Party Wall, excluding rainfall that falls directly on 

such area (i.e. an Owner or Lessee shall not collect rainfall from other portions of 

the Lot and deliver it within one foot (1 ') of any Party Wall); 

12.4.3 Prohibited Vehicles. No commercial vehicle, limousine, recreational 

vehicle, boat, trailer, including without limitation, boat trailers, house trailers, mobile 

homes, and trailers of every other type, kind or description, or camper, may be kept 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

except in the garage of a Home. The term '*commercial vehicle" 

shall not be deemed to include law enforcement vehicles or recreational or sport utility 

vehicles (i.e., Broncos, Blazers, Explorers, Navigators, etc.) Or clean "non-working" 

vehicles such as pick-up trucks, vans, or cars if they are used by the Owner on a daily 

basis for normal transportation; provided, however, vehicles with ladders, racks, and 

hooks attached to such vehicles shall be "commercial vehicles" prohibited by this 

Section. No vehicles displaying commercial advertising 

42-473 shall be parked within the public view. 

Vehicles with commercial 

advertising must be parked in the garage of a 

Home. No vehicles bearing a "for sale" sign shall be parked within the public view 

anywhere within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. For any Owner who drives an automobile 

issued by the County or other governmental entity (i.e., police cars), such automobile 

shall not be deemed to be a commercial vehicle and may be parked in the garage or 

driveway of the Lot. No vehicle shall be used as a domicile or residence either 

temporarily or permanently. No all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), goW-eaNs; scooters or mini 

motorcycles are permitted at any time on any private streets, roadways, sidewalks or 

other paved surfaces forming a part of the Common Areas. Golf Carts are permitted 

within the private streets and roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, but must comply with 

and be operated, maintained, repaired, stored and parked in accordance with all 

applicable Rules and Regulations regulating same. Additionally no ATV or mini 

motorcycle may be parked or stored within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including any Lot, 

except in the garage of a Home. 

12.14 Fences/Walls/Screens. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed on 

any Lot other than Perimeter Walls/Fences and Pool/Patio Enclosures installed by 

Declarant in connection with the original construction of the Home or by an Owner with 

ARC approval. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed by any Owner of a Lot 

within any Conservation Easement Property, including upland buffer areas, or any 

Perimeter Buffer Easement. NO chain link or wooden fencing Of any kind shall be 

5 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3112 

p * 6 Of I 

allowed, and unless othervvise approved by Declarant (or the Association following the 

Turnover Date). Fences, to the extent permitted by this Section 12.14, shall not be 

installed flush to the ground so that drainage will be blocked in any way. All such fences 

must be in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. Due to the CDD's maintenance 

requirements and responsibilities, the installation of such fences within a drainage 

easement area is not expected to be approved by the ARC. However, in the event a fence 

is installed within a drainage easement area, with or without prior written ARC approval, 

the Owner is solely responsible for fence repair or replacement if the drainage easement 

area needs to be accessed for repairs or maintenance. As a condition to ARC approval of 

any fences in drainage easement areas, the ARC may require the Owner to obtain, at his 

or her own cost and expense, an agreement in writing executed by the CDD approving 

such fence, which agreement may be recorded in the Public Records by the Association 

in its sole and absolute discretion. All seÊeft-ingóahd-seseened Pool/Patio eEnclosures 

shall have the prior written approval Of the ARC and shall be in compliance with the 

Architectural Guidelines. All enclosures of balconies-or-patios; including addition of 

vinyl windows, shall be approved by the ARC and all decks shall have the pnor written 

approval of the ARC. 

12.21 Water Body Slopes. The rear yard of some Lots may border wet retention 

areas or lakes or water bodies forming part of the CDD Facilities or part Of the SWMS. 

The CDD will regulate and maintain the water body slopes and banks for such wet 

retention areas, lakes or water bodies located within such rear yards to prevent or restore 

erosion of slopes and banks due to drainage or roof culvert outfalls Or any Other reason. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Association, as part of the Landscaping and Irrigation 

Maintenance, Or the Owner Of such Lot, as part of maintaining and the Pool/Patio 

Enclosure Landscaping, shall maintain and irrigate sod and permitted landscaping within 

such water body slopes and banks located on such Owner's Lot to prevent erosion of 

same. In addition, the Owner of such Lot shall ensure that such water body banks and 

slopes remain free of any structural or landscape encroachments so as to permit vehicular 

access for maintenance when needed. Each record title owner of each Lot bordering on 

the water body, by the acceptance Of a deed to their Lot, hereby grants the CDD an 

easement of ingress and egress across his or her Lot to all adjacent water body areas for 

the purpose of ensuring compliance with the requirements of this Section. 

12.31 Swimming Pools. Hot Tubs and Spa-s. No above-ground pools shall be 

permitted on any Lot. Above-ground hot tubs and in-ground pools may be permitted 

within a Pool/Patio Enclosure with ARC approval. In-ground pools may also include an 

in-ground spa if same is approved by the ARC in its sole discretion. All in-ground pools, 

hot tubs and appurtenances installed on any Lot within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall 

require the prior written approval of the ARC as set forth in this Declaration. The design 

must incorporate, at a minimum, the following: (i) the composition of the material must 

be thoroughly tested and accepted by the industry for such construction; (ii) any 

swimming pool or swimming pool/spa combination constructed on any Lot shall have an 

elevation at the top of the pool and spa (as applicable) of not over two feet (2') above the 

natural grade unless approved by the ARC; (iii) swimming pools, hot tubs and spas must 

be installed within a Pool/Patio Enclosure Of a design, color and material approved by the 

ARC and such enclosures shall be no higher than twelve feet (12') unless otherwise 

6 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3113 

7 of 10 

approved by the ARC and shall in no event be higher than the roof line of the Home. 

Pool/Patio Enclosures shall not extend beyond the sides Of the Home without express 

approval by the ARC. All pools and spa (as applicable) shall be adequately maintained 

and chlorinated (or cleaned with similar treatment). No diving boards, slides, or platforms 

shall be permitted. Under no circumstances may chlorinated water be discharged onto 

Other Owners' lawns, the Common Areas, the community streets, or into any water 

bodies within DEL WEBB BEXLEY or adjoining properties. Nothing herein shall be 

construed to restrict or prohibit compliance with the minimum requirements for 

installation, operation and maintenance of fences or other bawiers constituting safety 

barriers around swimming pools, hot tubs, spas and appurtenances on a Lot as may be 

required by the Pasco County Code or other governmental regulation or law, subject to 

the approval and additional requirements of the ARC. 

3. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 

shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended 

by this First Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 

right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any ponion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Page] 

7 
†
9815 

OR BK 

G3114 

p * Of I 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this First Amendment to be executed 

as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print 

STATE OF FLORIP 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrument 

, 2018, by 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

Address: 2662 S. FalkenburgRd. 

Riverview, FL 33578 

0 ledged before 

day of 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf the 

company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

as identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SRE4NA 

"GG122a22 

Notary Pu ic Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

37b 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

8 
†
9815 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

G3115 

p * 9 Of I 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INCÑ a Florida not-for- 

profit corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the First Amendment 

to which this Joinder is attached, and the terms thereof are and shall be binding upon the 

Association and its successors and assigns. 

, IN WONESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this 

of 2018. 

WITNESSES: 

Pri 

ame 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Print Name: 

Title: 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

knpwledged be re me this day of 

of DEL WEBB 

not-for-profit corporation, on 

behalf of the corporation. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

as identification . 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA 

My #66122322 

JUL 

Bonded ttro$ StRte 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Flori 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

9 
†
9815 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

G3116 

100f10 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the 

Declaration), hereby joins in and consents to the First Amendment to which this Joinder is 

attached for the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this First Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence ofthe following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

Name: Aaron J. Baker 

Title: Vice President 

Print N ante: 

Print Name: 

Kirsten Lycett 

Lisa Budronis 

Address 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

STAT+ OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

"Ihe foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 1st day of November, 2018, 

by Aaron J. Baker as Vlce President of NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability 

company, on behalf of the company. He [ X ] She [ is personally known to me [ X ] or has 

as identification. 

produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

ARY SIGNATURE 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 

My Commission Expires: 

JUDITH ANNE JOSEPH 

Nota."/ Public, State ot Florida 

Commission No, GG 58484 

Commission Expires 12/27120 

10 

9821 PG 2967 

INSTR*2018197341 

OR BK 

1 of 6 

11/26/2018 AM Rcpt20D8206 Rec. 5260 OS: 0.00 IT: COO 

'I'aura s. O'Neil,- Th.'IJÑ Pasco County CTcrk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

msPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESER VED FOR RECORDING DATAó 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY ECLARA N FOR DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Second Amendment") is made as of 

2018, by 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact 

business in the state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 

and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, page 2623 as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, both in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida 

(collectively, the "'Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 Of the Declaration, prior to the 'Turnover" (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 Of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording Of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

003881 
†
9821 

OR BK 

G 2968 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Second Amendment to 

amend and restate Section 12.2 of the Declaration concerning ammals and pets which may be kept 

in Homes; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this Second Amendment, Declarant and the 

Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all Of the Lots and Common Area Tracts within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this Second Amendment to confirm its 

approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this Second Amendment to confirm its approval 

of and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Second Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the 

Association and Founder join in and consent to this Second Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 

incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall have 

the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

Amendment and Restatement Of Section 12.2. Section 12.2 is hereby amended 

2. 

and restated in its entirety to read as follows (additions underlined and deletions identified by 

strike-through): 

12.2 Animals. No animals of any kind shall be raised, bred or kept within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY for commercial purposes. Except as provided below, Owners may keep 

domestic pets as permitted by County ordinances and otherwise in 

accordance with the Rules and Regulations established by the Board from time to time. 

lizar'is. turtles and hamsters mav he without repara 

animals 'Lbreed or 

n umber 

and 

In accordance with Applicable lawóThe 

sn4kes. Pets may be kept or harbored in a Home only so long as such pets or animals do 

not constitute a nuisance. A determination by the Board that an animal or pet kept or 

harbored in a Home is a nuisance shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. Without 

limiting the generality of the forgoing, dog breeds or partial breeds that include pit bulls or 

other breeds deemed to be dangerous by the Board in its sole discretion are prohibited. All 

pets shall be walked on a leash. NO pet shall be permitted outside a Home unless such pet 

is kept on a leash or within an enclosed portion of the yard Of a Lot. NO pet or animal shall 

2 
†
9821 

OR BK 

G 2969 

p * 3 Of 6 

be "tied out" on the exterior of the Home or in the Common Area, or left unattended in a 

yard or on a balcony, porch, or patio. NO dog runs or enclosures shall be permitted on any 

Lot. When notice of removal of any pet is given by the Board, the pet shall be removed 

within forty-eight (48) hours of the giving Of the notice. The person walking the pet or the 

Owner shall clean up all matter created by the pet. Each Owner shall be responsible for 

the activities Of its pet. 

3. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 

Shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended by 

this Second Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 

right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pagel 

3 
†
9821 

OR BK 

G 2970 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Second Amendment to be executed 

as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Pri 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"DECLARANE 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

Print Name: 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL 33578 

owlede bef01e 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability 

company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

me this 

day of 

of 

company, on behalf of the 

as identification]. 

LISA MCGO'∆R.N 

MY COMMISSION #GG122E4 

EXPIRES 09, 2021 

Bcnded through 1st State inst.ïtance 

N ry Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires- 

4 
†
9821 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

G2971 

p * 5 Of 6 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Second Amendment to 

which this Joinder is attached, and the terms thereof are and shall be binding upon the Association 

and its successors and assigns. 

Oday 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this 

of 

Prin Name: 

Print Name: 

, 2018. 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Byr 

Title: 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrumen was ac o edged re me this _I_E day of 

2ó of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATIO , INC., a Flor da not-for-profit corporation, on 

behalf of the corporation. He [is personally known to me) [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL) 

as identification]. 

No y Public Signature 

N ry Public, State of Florida 

Commission NO.: a. 

My Commission Expires: 

5 
†
9821 

OR BK 

LOINDER OF FOUNDER 

G2972 

p * 6 Of 6 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Second Amendment to which this Joinder is attached for the 

purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval Of this Second Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: Aaron J. Baker 

Title: Vice President 

print N 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

Address 

Jose 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 16th day of November, 2018, 

by Aaron J. Baker, as Vlce President of NAP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, 

on behalf of the company. He X She [ ] is personally known to me or [ X ] has produced 

as identification. 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

TARY SIGNATURE 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 

My Commission Expires: 

JUDITH ANNE JOSEPH 

Notary Public, State of Forida 

Commission NO. GG 

% Commission Expires 12/27,20 

6 

0038811',17888r8472970v1 

9862 PG 717 

INSTR# 2019029687 OR BK 

Page 1 of6 

02/21/2019 03:32 PM Rcpt: 2030613 Rec: 52.50 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

TauCa S. 0%MeiC, Ph.D., Pasco County Clerk & ComptroCCer 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDNG DATA 

THIRD ANTNDMENT TO COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DFCLARATION FOR DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Third Amendment") is made as of re 

2019, by 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan liability company authorized to transact 

business in the State of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 

and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinder of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623 as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as amended by that certain Second Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, all in the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 

"Declaration"); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; 

1 
†
9862 G718 

OR BK 

Page 2 of 6 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Third Amendment to 

amend and restate Sections 17.11 and 17.12 of the Declaration to provide for an increase in the 

"Initial Contribution" and "Resale Contribution" (as such terms are defined in the Declaration), as 

more particularly set forth hereinbelow; 

WHEREAS, at the time of the recording of this Third Amendment, Declarant and the 

Association own unencumbered fee simple title to all of the Lots and Cornrnon Area Tracts within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no Homes have been conveyed to Owners; 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in this Third Amendment to confirm its 

approval of and consent to same; 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in this Third Amendment to confirm its approval of 

and consent to same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Third Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the Association 

and Founder join in and consent to this Third Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals/Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are 

1. 

incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms not expressly defined herein shall have 

the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Declaration. 

Initial Contribution. Section 17.11 of the Declaration is hereby amended as 

2. 

follows (additions are double-undexlined, and deletions, if any, are 

"17.11 Initial Contribution. The first purchaser of a Lot from the Declarant shall pay to 

the Association an initial contribution in the amount of ONE THOUSAND AND 

DOLLARS ($1,000.00) 

(the 

"Initial Contribution") at the time of closing of the conveyance. The funds derived from 

the Initial Contributions are deemed income to the Association and shall be used at the 

discretion of Board for any purpose, including without limitation, future and existing 

capital improvements, Operating Expenses, support costs and start-up costs." 

Resale Contribution. Section 17.12 of the Declaration is hereby amended as 

3. 

follows (additions are double-underlined, and deletions, if any, are 

"17.12 Resale Contribution. After the Home has been conveyed by Declarant, there shall 

be collected from the purchaser upon every subsequent conveyance of an ownership 

interest in a Home by an Owner a resale contribution in the amount of ONE THOUSAND 

AND NO/iOO DOLLARS 000.00 

f-$800700+ (the "Resale Contribution"). The Board, in its discretion, may increase the 

amount of the Resale Contribution from time to time commencing on the date that is five 

(5) years after the date of recordation of this Declaration, provided, however, that the 

amount of such Resale Contribution may not increase at an aggregate rate in excess of two 

percent (2%) per year for the period commencing on the date of recordation of this 

Declaration through the effective date of such increase unless such additional increase is 

approved pursuant to an amendment to this Declaration pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof. 

2 

0038811 
†
9862 G719 

OR BK 

Page 3 of 6 

The Resale Contribution shall not be applicable to conveyances from or to Declarant or 

Founder. The funds derived from the Resale Contributions are income to the Association 

and shall be used at the discretion of Board for any purpose, including without limitation, 

future and existing capital improvements, Operating Expenses, support costs and start-up 

costs." 

Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended, the Declaration 

4. 

shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as amended by 

this Third Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any 

right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Page] 

3 
†
9862 G720 

OR BK 

Page 4 of 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Third Amendment to be executed 

as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print Name: 

ame: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

6 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

IS 

day of 

as ack o ledged before me this 

The foregoing instrument 

mc--LlP-¸Ê as Of 

2019, by 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf of the 

as identification]. 

company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

MY COMMISSION #GG122322 

EXPIRES: JUL 09, 2021 

Bonded through 1st State Insurance 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, Stat of Florid@ 

4Cl,guÊ_____ 

Commission No.. 

My Commission 

4 
†
9862 G721 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

Page 5 of 6 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Third Amendment to which 

this Joinder is attached, and the terms thereof are and shall be binding upon the Association and 

its successors and assigns. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this day 

2019. 

of 

WITNESSES: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF ) 

"ASSOCIATION' 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., 

corporation 

Print Na81e: 

Title: 

a Florida not-for-profit 

{ CORPORATE SEAL} 

The foregoing instrumen was acknpwledged bﬂ(ore me his 

day of 

of DEL WEBB 

2019, by 

BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATI N, INC., a not-for-profit corporation, on 

behalf of the corporation. He known to mel [has produced 

as identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

BGG122322 

09 

Bonded thi‹¸lih 1st State t. i 

Notary Pu li 

Notary Public, Sta o Florida 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: Cop-( 

5 
†
9862 G722 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

Page 6 of 6 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Third Amendment to which this Joinder is attached for the 

purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Third Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: Aaron J. Baker 

Title: Vice President 

Print N he: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

Address 

IDÊ≈ S 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 14th day of February, 2019, 

by Aaron J. Baker, as Vice President ofNNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, 

on behalf of the company. He [ X ] She [ 

] is personally known to me or [ X ] has produced 

as identification. 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

KIRSTEN LYCETT 

Notary Public - State of Florida 

Commission GG 116021 

My Comm. Expires Oct 15, 2021 

Bonded through National Notary Assn. 

ill 

003881 

NOTARY SIGNATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 661140 Zl 

My Commission Expires: 

6 

9929 PG 1953 

INSTR# 2019108484 OR BK 

Page 1 of 12 

06/27/2019 07:51 AM Rcpt: 2067290 Rec: 103.50 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

Paula S. O'Neil, Ph.D., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING DATA - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION 

AND FOURTH AMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION AND FOURTH AMENDMENT TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (the "Supplemental 

Declaration") is made as of June , 2019, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, 

LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact business in the State of Florida 

(the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, 

INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a 

Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into 

that certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Arnendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second 

Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in 

Official Records Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, 

Page 717, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the "Declaration"); 

and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Declaration, capitalized 

terms used herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is the fee simple owner of certain property located in Pasco 

County, Florida which is contiguous to the Phase 1 Property and more particularly described on 

Exhibit "1" attached hereto and which Declarant intends to develop as Phase 2 of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY (such property being hereinafter described as the "Phase 2 Property"); and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration provides that prior to the Community 

Completion Date, additional lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant and 

1 
†
9929 G1954 

OR BK 

that such additional lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of the 

Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to the Declaration in the Public 

Records; and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration further provides that, except for applicable 

governmental approvals (if any) and the consent of Founder if such annexed additional lands are 

not part of the Additional Property, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from 

any other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or any Lenders); and 

WHEREAS, the Community Completion Date has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the Declarant has obtained all applicable governmental approvals required 

for the Phase 2 Property to be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brought within the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Phase 2 Property is part of the Additional Property and therefore the 

consent of Founder to this Supplemental Declaration annexing to Phase 2 Property as part of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY is not required; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant, as evidenced by its execution hereof, wishes and does hereby 

submit the Phase 2 Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brings the Phase 2 Property 

within the provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as 

defined in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, 

without the joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by 

applicable law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise 

expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Supplemental 

Declaration to (i) amend and restate the description of the Additional Property attached as 

Exhibit 5 to the Declaration, (ii) add additional definitions for the Phase 2 Property and Phase 2 

Plat to the Declaration and (iii) amend and restate Section 28.14 of the Declaration to modify 

certain disclosures regarding the Founder's Post Closing Agreement as a result of Declarant's 

acquisition of the Phase 2 Property from Founder and the miendment of the Founder's Post 

Closing Agreement in connection with same, all as more particularly set forth hereinbelow; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental Declaration to 

confirm its approval of and consent to same; and 

2 

Page 2 of 12 
†
9929 G1955 

OR BK 

Page 3 of 12 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental 

Declaration to confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant hereby supplements and amends the 

Declaration, and the Association and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Supplemental 

Declaration, as follows: 

Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein 

1. 

by reference. 

Ratification of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 

2. 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

Annexation of Phase 2 _P_roperty. Pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Declaration, the 

3. 

Phase 2 Property is hereby annexed into and made a part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and subjected 

to the covenants, conditions and restrictions of the Declaration. The Phase 2 Property shall be 

held, occupied, sold and conveyed subject to the Declaration, which is for the purpose of 

enhancing and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(including the Phase 2 Property) and which shall run with the title to DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(including the Phase 2 Property). 

Modification of Descriptiom of Additional Property on Exhibit 5 to the 

4. 

Declaration. The description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 5 to the Declaration 

is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the description of the Additional Property 

attached as Exhibit 5 to this Supplemental Declaration. 

Additional Definitions. The following additional definitions are hereby added to 

5. 

Section 2 of the Declaration: 

"Phase 2 Plat" shall mean any recorded subdivision plat of any part or all of the Phase 2 

Property. 

"Phase 2 Propertv" shall have the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Declaration 

and Fourth Amendment to the Declaration. 

Amendment and Restatement of Section 28.14. Section 28.14 of the Declaration 

6. 

is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows (deletions indicated by 

strikethrough and additions indicated by double underline): 

28.14 Additional PropgrLv Easements. Declarant and Founder have 

entered into that certain Development Rights and Post Closing Agreement 

recorded December 26, 2017 in Official Records Book 9654, Page 1561, as 

amended Amendment to Riuhts Post Closing 

A 2010 in ()ffieial *Book 990< Par 280 both of the 

recorded Via S" I 

Public Records (together the "Founder Post Closin A reement") setting forth 

certain agreements and granting certain easements with respect to the 

development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional Property, which is 

3 
†
9929 G1956 

OR BK 

currently owned by Founder and which Declarant has the obligation to purchase 

in one or more takedowns pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract. Such 

agreements and easements include the following: 

Access and Utility Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(a) 

28.14.1 

of the Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant has granted to Founder, for the 

benefit of the Additional Property, a non-exclusive easement for ingress and 

egress (the "Additional Property Access Easement") and a non-exclusive 

easement for utility purposes (the "Additional Propertv Utility Easement") over 

the portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY more particularly described on Exhibit "C" 

of the Founder Post Closing Agreement (the "Additional Propertv Access and 

Utility Easement Area"). The purpose of the Additional Property Access 

Easement and Additional Property Utility Easement is to provide a means of 

providing access and extending utilities to the Additional Property. The 

Additional Property Access Easement will automatically terminate upon 

conveyance by deed, or dedication by plat, of the Additional Property Access and 

Utilities Easement Area to the County or a community development district, 

which provides equivalent rights enabling the Additional Property to be served by 

public access. The Additional Property Utility Easement shall automatically 

terminate upon the grant or dedication of public utility easement(s) contiguous to 

the Additional Property, which provide equivalent rights enabling the Additional 

Property to be served by public utilities. 

Drainage Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) of the 

28.14.2 

Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant granted to Founder, for the benefit of 

the Additional Property, a non-exclusive drainage easement (the "Additional 

Property Drainage Easement") over, under, across and through the Phase I 

Property and Phase 2 Propgr_ty. Upon recording of the Phase 1 Plat angl±hase 

Plat, the Additional Property Drainage Easement shall be over only those portions 

of the Phase 1 Property constituting drainage areas which 

serve to provide drainage to the Additional Property (together the "Additional 

Property Drainage Easement Areas"). The Additional Property Drainage 

Easement shall automatically terminate upon the grant or dedication of public 

drainage easement(s) contiguous to the Additional Property which provide 

equivalent rights enabling the Additional Property to be served by public 

drainage. 

Maintenance of Easement Areas. Paragraph 2(d) of the 

28.14.3 

Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that Declarant will maintain the 

Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area and Additional Property 

Drainage Easement Areas owned by it in good condition and repair in compliance 

with all Applicable Laws, as defined in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. The 

Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area constitutes Common Area 

under this Declaration. Accordingly, Declarant hereby assigns to the Association, 

and the Association, by its joinder in this Declaration, hereby accepts, assumes 

and agrees to perform, all duties and obligations to maintain the Additional 

Property Access and Utility Easement Area in accordance with the Founder Post 

4 

0038811 

Page 4 of 12 
†
9929 G1957 

OR BK 

Closing Agreement. The Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas within 

the Phase 1 Plat and Phase 2 will be dedicated to the CDD by the Phase 1 Plat 

and Phase 2 Plat and shall be maintained by the CDD in accordance with the 

CDD Documents. 

Additional Terrns and Non-Modification. The disclosures 

regarding the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this Section 28.14 are 

provided for informational purposes and are not intended to provide a complete 

summary of all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Founder Post 

Closing Agreement. Additional terms, conditions and covenants with respect to 

the Additional Property Access and Utility Easement and Additional Property 

Drainage Easement and additional covenants and agreements regarding the 

development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional Property are more 

particularly set forth in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. Neither the 

disclosures regarding the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this 

Section 28.14 nor Founder's joinder in this Declaration shall serve to modify, 

negate, waive or in any other way alter the terms, covenants and conditions of the 

Founder Post Closing Agreement or the enforcement of any rights, obligations 

and remedies arising from or under the Founder Post Closing Agreement. 

Release of Lots, Common Areas and CDD Tracts. 

28.145 

Paragraph 14 of the Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that, except as 

provided hereinbelow, the Founder Post Closing Agreement shall automatically 

terminate and be of no further force and effect with respect to any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY transferred to the CDD, the Association (as the "Neighborhood 

Association" under the Founder Post Closing Agreement) or any Owner who 

acquires title to a Lot with a Home. Such Paragraph 14 also provides that, 

notwithstanding the foregoing termination of the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement with respect to property transferred to the CDD, Association and any 

such Owner, the terms of Paragraph 2 of the Additional Property Agreement shall 

not terminate and shall remain in effect with respect to any Lot, Common Area or 

CDD Tract in DEL WEBB BEXLEY containing either the Additional Property 

Access and Utility Easement Area or the Additional Property Drainage Easement 

Areas. 

Except as herein specifically 

Effect of Supplemental Declaration. 

7. 

supplemented and amended, the Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance 

with its terms. The Declaration, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental 

Declaration, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any right, title or 

interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the Phase 2 Property) or any portion thereof, and 

their respective heirs, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pages/ 

5 

Page 5 of 12 
†
9929 G1958 

OR BK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Supplemental Declaration to be 

executed as of the date and year first above written. 

Page 6 of 12 

WITNESSES: 

ame: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOIvm COME' MY. LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Prin Name: 

Title: 

ee 

ïAddress: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

The foregoing instrument pasrr ackno 

2019, by 

PULTE HOME COIVWANY, LLC, a Michi an 

company. He/She 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

day of 

ledged before me his 

of 

as 

limited liability company, on behalf of the 

or [has produced 

as 

identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

MY COMMISSION #GG122322 

EXPIRES: JUL 09, 2021 

Bonded through 1st State insurance 

0038811 

Notary R lic Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

6 
†
9929 G1959 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for- 

profit corporation (the ' 'Ascorintion"), does hereby join in and consent to the Supplemental 

Declaration to which this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof 

are and shall be binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this _2_Qday 

2019. 

Page 7 of 12 

WITNESSES: 

Prin Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORDA 

COUNTY OF 

"ASSOCIATION' 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

By: 

Print Name- 

Title: 

{CORPORATE SEAL) 

7) 

day of 

The foregoing instrument was *ickaqow edged b Ore me this 

6 r:ic/ 

as of DEL WEBB 

2019, by 

BEX EY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATIO INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation, on 

to me] or [has 

behalf of the corporation. He/She 

as identification]. 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

Notary PI Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: / 22-3 

My Commission Expires: on - o el 

7 

produced 

2-0 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

MY COMMtSSlON #GG122322 

D(PIRES: JUL 09, 2021 

Bonded through 1st State Insurance 

0038811 
†
9929 G1960 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the 

Declaration), hereby joins in and consents to the Supplemental Declaration to which this Joinder 

is attached for the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Supplemental 

Page 8 of 12 

Declaration. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: 

Title: L//ee 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

Kirsten Lycett 

Lisa Budronis 

Address 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this / 9 day of 

, 2019, by 

as Vice 

of 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He [ 

She [ ] is personally known to me or [ ] has produced 

as identification. 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

KIRSTEN LYCETT 

Notary Public - State of Flerida 

Cammission GG 

My Comm. Expires Oct 1 5, 2021 

Bonded through Nalional Notuy Assn. 

NOTARY SIGNATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: CO/ / & oz / 

My Commission Expires: 'S. 202 a 

8 
†
9929 G1961 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT "1" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2 

Page 9 of 12 

DESCRIPTION: A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10 and 15, Township 26 south, Range 18 

East, Pasco County, Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Easterlymost corner of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, according to the 

plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 130 inclusive, of the Public Records 

of Pasco County, Florida, for a P01NT OF BEGINNING, run thence along the Northerly 

boundary of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, the following nine (9) courses: 1) 

N.61000'00"W., 1420.83 feet to a point on a curve; 2) Northeasterly, 212.81 feet along the arc of 

a curve to the left having a radius of 657.00 feet and a central angle of 18033B 1 " (chord bearing 

N.34046'46"E., 211.88 feet) to a point of tangency; 3) N.25030'00"E., 281.91 feet to a point of 

curvature; 4) Easterly, 40.33 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 

feet and a central angle of 9202544" (chord bearing N. 71042'52"E., 36.10 feet); 5) 

N.27055'44"E., 80.00 feet to a point on a curve; 6) Northwesterly, 183.50 feet along the arc of a 

curve to the left having a radius of 2040.00 feet and a central angle of 05009' 14" (chord bearing 

N.64038'54"W., 183.44 feet); 7) S.22046'29"W., 80.00 feet to a point on a curve; 8) Westerly, 

353.00 feet along the arc of said curve to the left having a radius of 1960.00 feet and a central 

angle of 10019109" (chord bearing N. 72023105" W., 352.52 feet) to a point of reverse curvature; 9) 

Northwesterly, 421.00 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 540.00 feet and 

a central angle of 44040'12" (chord bearing N.5501233"W., 410.42 feet); thence N.57045'00"E., 

80.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"E., 655.11 feet; thence N.80000'OO"E., 592.98 feet; thence 

S.7200ffOO"E., 772.65 feet; thence N.84000'OO"E., 500.00 feet; thence N.06000'OO"W., 100.00 

feet; thence N.04051'15"W., 50.01 feet; thence N. 10006t00"W., 64.63 feet; thence 

N.18018'OO"W., 64.63 feet; thence N.26030'OO"W., 64.63 feet; thence N.60037'08"E., 67.72 feet 

to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 1361.32 feet along the arc of a curve to the right 

having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 54034'55" (chord bearing S.26042'32"E., 

1310.42 feet) to a point of tangency; thence S.00034'55"W., 554.00 feet to a point of curvature; 

thence Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 

feet and a central angle of 90000'00" (chord bearing S.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet) to a point of 

tangency; thence N.89025'05"W., 174.00 feet to a point of curvature; thence Southwesterly, 

1151.12 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 feet and a central 

(chord bearing s.59047'28"W., 1096.51 feet) to the POINT OF 

angle of 61034'55" 

BEGINNING. 

9 

0038811 
†
9929 G1962 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 5 

ADDITIONAL PROPERTY 

Page 10 of 12 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco 

County, Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest Corner of said Section 15; Thence along the West boundary of 

said Section 15, N.OOOI 7'40"E., a distance of 2708.68 feet; thence leaving said West Boundary, 

S.8904220"E., a distance of 200.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING; thence N.OOOI 740"E., 

a distance of 118.08 feet; thence Northerly, 1316.81 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the 

left having a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 34017'40" (chord bearing 

N.1605VIO"W., 1297.24 feet); thence N.34000'OO"W., a distance of 316.72 feet; thence 

Northwesterly, 488.69 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 

2000.00 feet and a central angle of 1400000" (chord bearing N.27000'00"W., 487.48 feet); 

thence N.20000'00"W., a distance of 316.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 1814.27 feet along the 

arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 47015100" 

(chord bearing N.43037'30"W., 1763.29 feet); thence N.22045'OO"E., a distance of 25.00 feet; 

thence N.02000'00"W., a distance of 1730.04 feet; thence N. 10045'00"W., a distance of 752.72 

feet; thence Northeasterly, 1 106.69 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a 

radius of 1371.00 feet and a central angle of 46015100" (chord bearing N.56007'30"E., 1076.89 

feet); thence N.3300ff00"E., a distance of 298.39 feet; thence Northeasterly, 448.93 feet along 

the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 

18000100" (chord bearing N.42000'OO"E., 447.09 feet); thence N.51000'OO"E., a distance of 

109.14 feet; thence Easterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a 

radius of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 90000'00" (chord bearing S.84000'00"E., 35.36 feet); 

thence S.39000'00"E., a distance of 28.69 feet; thence Southeasterly, 546.26 feet along the arc of 

a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 2105408" 

(chord bearing S.2800256"E., 542.94 feet); thence Southeasterly, 1505.37 feet along the arc of a 

reverse curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 54054'08" (chord 

bearing S.44032'56"E., 1448.43 feet); thence S. 7200ff00"E., a distance of 275.00 feet; thence 

Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 

1429.00 feet and a central angle of 44059'43" (chord bearing S.49030'08"E., 1093.60 feet); 

thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the left having a radius of 

1571.00 feet and a central angle of 26059'43" (chord bearing S.40030'08"E., 733.36 feet); thence 

Southeasterly, 1361.32 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the right having a radius of 

1429.00 feet and a central angle of 5403455" (chord bearing S.26042'32"E., 1310.42 feet); 

thence S.00034'55"W., a distance of 554.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc 

of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 90000'00" 

(chord bearing s.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet); thence N.89025'05"W., a distance of 174.00 feet; 

thence Southwesterly, 1319.35 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 

1071.00 feet and a central angle of 70034'55" (chord bearing S.5501728"W., 1237.50 feet); 

thence S.20000'00"W., a distance of 1257.25 feet; thence Southwesterly, 1257.28 feet along the 

arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 

10 
†
5002439" (chord bearing s.4501219"W., 1217.12 feet); thence s.70024'39"W., a distance of 

75.50 feet; thence Northwesterly, 67.12 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a 

radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 10905301 " (chord bearing N.54038'51 "W., 57.30 feet) 

to the POINT OF BEGINNING. 

LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

All of the real property described as Del Webb Bexley Phase 1, according to the plat thereof 

recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 130, inclusive, of the Public Records of Pasco 

County, Florida. 

ALSO LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9 and 10 and 15, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco 

County, Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southeast corner of said Section 10, run thence along the South Boundary 

of said Section 10, N.89025'05"W, a distance of 2562.12 feet; thence leaving said South 

boundary, perpendicularly, N.00034'55"E., a distance of 162.00 feet to the POINT OF 

BEGINNING; thence N.89025'05"W., a distance of 174.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 942,17 

feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 feet and a central 

angle of 50024'14" (chord bearing S.6502248"W., 912.08 feet) to the Northerly boundary of 

those lands as described in Official Records Book 9654, Page 1558 of the Public records of 

Pasco County, Florida thence along the Northerly boundary of said lands the following thirty-six 

(36) courses; l) N.49049'19"W., a distance of 73.06 feet; 2) S.6901 lt00"W., a distance of 65.97 

9929 G1963 

OR BK 

feet; 21) 

feet; 23) 

24) s.65056'00"W., 

feet; 25) 

feet; 27) 

26) N.78052'OO"W., 

feet; 29) 

feet; 31) 

32) N.33056'OO"E., 

feet; 35) 

Page 11 of 12 

feet; 3) s.78055'33"W., a distance of 77.33 feet; 4) S.89026'27"W., 

N.80049'OO"W., 

N.4405700"W., 

N.27001'OO"W., 

N.06018'26"W., 

N.08012'45"E., 

N.68007'OO"W., 

N.59023'OO"W., 

s.24026'00"W., 

s.48020'00"W., 

s.83032'00"W., 

N.56004'OO"W., 

N. 15040'OO"W., 

N. 1903200"E., 

N.43026tOO"E., 

N.33056'OO"E., 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 6) N. 71051 'OO"W., 

N.62053'OO"W., a distance of 65.97 feet; 8) N.53055'OO"W., 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a distance of 77.33 feet; 5) 

distance of 65.97 feet; 7) 

distance of 65.97 feet; 9) 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 75.98 feet; 

a distance of 50.01 feet; 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance 

of 57.98 

of 57.98 

of 50.70 

of 50.60 

of 55.73 

of 72.59 

of 55.73 

of 50.60 

of 50.70 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

10) N.35059'OO"W., 

12) N.18007'34"W., 

14) N.02035'OO"E., 

16) N.2702V56"W., 

18) N.63045'OO"W., 

20) N.530 

3605" W. , 

22) s.330 

56'00"W., 

28) N.33016'OO"W., 

30) N.01056'OO"E., 

34) 

N.61058'32"E., 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

of 65.97 

of 75.98 

of 65.97 

of 36.15 

of 57.98 

of 20.29 

of 52.74 

of 55.73 

of 64.16 

of 64.16 

of 55.73 

of 52.74 

of 56.65 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

11) 

13) 

15) 

17) 

19) 

33) 

a distance of 70.63 feet; 36) N.61011 '25" W. , a distance of 60.27 feet to the 

Northerly boundary of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, according to the plat thereof, as 

recorded in Plat Book 77, Page 116 of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida; thence 

along the Northerly boundary of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1 and the Northerly 

boundary those lands as described in Official Records Book 9654, Page 1558 of the Public 

11 
†
9929 G1964 

OR BK 

records of Pasco County, Florida, the following two (2) courses; 1) N.27055'44"E., a distance of 

80.00 feet; 2) Northwesterly, 183.50 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a 

radius of 2040.00 feet and a central angle of 05009114" (chord bearing N.64038'54"W., 183.44 

feet); thence leaving said Northerly boundary of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1 and 

continuing along the Northerly boundary of those lands as described in Official Records Book 

9654, Page 1558 of the Public records of Pasco County, Florida, the following three (3) courses; 

1) Westerly, 367.41 feet continuing along the arc of said curve to the left having a radius of 

2040.00 feet and a central angle of 10019'09" (chord bearing N.72023'05"W., 366.91 feet); 2) 

S. 12027'21 "W., a distance of 80.00 feet; 3) Northwesterly, 421.00 feet along the arc of a non- 

tangent curve to the right having a radius of 540.00 feet and a central angle of 44040/12" (chord 

bearing N.55012'33"W., 410.42 feet); thence leaving said Northerly boundary, N.57045'00"E., a 

distance of 80.01 feet; thence N.49000'00"E., a distance of 655.11 feet; thence N.80000'00'tE., a 

distance of 592.98 feet; thence S. 72000'00"E., a distance of 772.65 feet; thence N.84000'00"E., a 

distance of 500.00 feet; thence N.06000'00"W., a distance of 100.00 feet; thence N.04051 '15"W., 

a distance of 50.01 feet; thence N. 10006'OO"W., a distance of 64.63 feet; thence N. 18018100"W., 

a distance of 64.63 feet; thence N.26030'00"W., a distance of 64.63 feet; thence N.60037'08"E., a 

distance of 67.72 feet; thence Southeasterly, 1361.32 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to 

the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 54034'55" (chord bearing 

S.26042'32"E., 1310.42 feet); thence S.0003455"W., a distance of 554.00 feet; thence 

Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 

feet and a central angle of 90000'00" (chord bearing s.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet) to the POINT 

OF BEGINNING. 

12 

Page 12 of 12 

10059 PG 2633 

INSTR# 2020033585 OR BK 

Page 1 of 11 

02/26/2020 02:46 PM Rcpt: 2139264 Rec: 95.00 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING DATA- 

SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION 

AND FIFTH AMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(PHASE 3) 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION AND FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DE WEBB BEXLEY (PHASE 3) (the 

"Supplemental Declaration") is made as of 

2020, by PULTE HOME 

COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company aut.horized to transact business in the 

State of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") and NNP- 

BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ETH: 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 

to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 

Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, Page 717, and as 

supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 

9929, Page 1953, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida (collectively, the 

"Declaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Declaration, capitalized terms 

used herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is the fee simple owner of certain property located in Pasco 

County, Florida which is contiguous to the Phase 2 Property and more particularly described on 

Exhibit "l" attached hereto and which Declarant intends to develop as Phase 3 of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY (such property being hereinafter described as the "Phase 3 Property"); and 

1 

Ivi 
†
10059 G2634 

OR BK 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration provides that prior to the Community 

Completion Date, additional lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant and 

that such additional lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of the 

Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to the Declaration in the Public 

Records; and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration further provides that, except for applicable 

governmental approvals (if any) and the consent of Founder if such annexed additional lands are 

not part of the Additional Property, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from any 

other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or any Lenders); and 

WHEREAS, the Community Completion Date has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the Declarant has obtained all applicable governmental approvals required 

for the Phase 3 Property to be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brought within the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Phase 3 Property is part of the Additional Property and therefore the 

consent of Founder to this Supplemental Declaration annexing to Phase 3 Property as part of DEL 

BEXLEY is not required; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant, as evidenced by its execution hereof, wishes and does hereby 

submit the Phase 3 Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brings the Phase 3 Property 

within the provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Supplemental 

Declaration to (i) amend and restate the description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 

5 to the Declaration,(ii) add additional definitions for the Phase 3 Property and Phase 3 Plat to the 

Declaration and (iii) amendment of portions of Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 28.14.3 of the 

Declaration to modify certain disclosures regarding the Founder's Post Closing Agreement as a 

result of Declarant's acquisition of the Phase 3 Property from Founder and the amendment of the 

Founder's Post Closing Agreement in connection with same, all as more particularly set forth 

hereinbelow; and 

2 

Page 2 of 11 
†
10059 G2635 

OR BK 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental Declaration to 

confirm its approval of and consent to same; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental 

Declaration to confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant hereby supplements and amends the 

Declaration, and the Association and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Supplemental 

Declaration, as follows: 

Page 3 of 11 

1. 

reference. 

2. 

Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein by 

Ratification of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

3. 

Annexation of Phase 3 Property. Pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Declaration, the 

Phase 3 Property is hereby annexed into and made a part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and subjected 

to the covenants, conditions and restrictions of the Declaration. The Phase 3 Property shall be 

held, occupied, sold and conveyed subject to the Declaration, which is for the purpose of enhancing 

and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness of DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the 

Phase 3 Property) and which shall run with the title to DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the Phase 

3 Property). 

4. 

Modification or Description of Additional 5 to the Declaration. 

The description of the Additional Property attached as Exhibit 5 to the Declaration is hereby 

deleted in its entirety and replaced with the description of the Additional Property attached as 

Exhibit 5 to this Supplemental Declaration. 

5. 

Additional Definitions. The following additional definitions are hereby added to 

Section 2 of the Declaration: 

"Phase 3 Plat" shall mean any recorded subdivision plat of any part or all of the Phase 3 

Property. 

"Phase 3 Property" shall have the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Declaration and 

Fifth Amendment to the Declaration. 

6. 

Amendment of Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 28.14.3. Sub-Sections 28.14.2 and 

28.14.3 of the Declaration are hereby amended to read as follows (additions are double-underlined, 

and deletions, if any, are 

"28. 14.2 

Drainage Easelnenl. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) of the 

Founder Post Closing Agreement, Declarant granted to Founder, for the benefit of 

the Additional Property, a non-exclusive drainage easement (the "Additional 

Property Drainage Easement") over, under, across and through the Phase 1 

Propert% and-Phase 2 Property and Phase 3 Upon recording of the Phase 

3 

003881 
†
10059 G2636 

OR BK 

1 Plata and-Phase 2 Plat and Phase 3 Plat, the Additional Property Drainage 

Easement shall be over only those portions of the Phase 1 Propert% a-Rïd-Phase 2 

Property constituting drainage areas which serve to provide 

drainage to the Additional Property (together the "Additional Property Drainage 

Easement Areas"). The Additional Property Drainage Easement shall 

automatically terminate upon the grant or dedication of public drainage easement(s) 

contiguous to the Additional Property which provide equivalent rights enabling the 

Additional Property to be served by public drainage. 

Maintenance of Easement Areas. Paragraph 2(d) of the 

28.14.3 

Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that Declarant will maintain the 

Additional Property-Access and Utility Easement Area and Additional Property 

Drainage Easement Areas owned by it in good condition and repair in compliance 

with all Applicable Laws, as defined in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. The 

Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area constitutes Common Area 

under this Declaration. Accordingly, Declarant hereby assigns to the Association, 

and the Association, by its joinder in this Declaration, hereby accepts, assumes and 

agrees to perform, all duties and obligations to maintain the Additional Property 

Access and Utility Easement Area in accordance with the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement. The Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas within the Phase 1 

Plata and-Phase 2 Plal and Phase 3 Plat will be dedicated to the CDD by the Phase 

1 Plats andóPhase 2 Plat and Phase 3 Plat and shall be maintained by the CDD in 

accordance with the CDD Documents." 

Effect of Supplemental Declaration. Except as herein specifically supplemented 

7. 

and amended, the Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

The Declaration, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Declaration, shall be binding 

upon and inure to the benefit of all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY (including the Phase 3 Property) or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following Pages] 

4 

Page 4 of 11 
†
10059 

OR BK 

G 2637 

Page 5 of 11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Supplemental Declaration to be 

executed as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Prin am 

Title: 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

or I 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means physical presence 

online notarization, this Q_Q__ da of 

2020, by 

of PULTE OME COMPANY, 

as 

LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He/She [is personally 

known to rne.l or [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

STEPHANIE ORIGLIA 

MY COMMISSION #GG298476 

b(PlRES: FEB 05, 2023 

Bonded through 1st State Insurance 

IVI 

as identification]. 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: C 6 9 XL..n 

My Commission Expires: 

5 
†
10059 G2638 

OR BK 

*IOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Supplemental Declaration 

to which this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof are and shall 

be binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this day 

Page 6 of 11 

of 

WITNESSES: 

, 2020. 

"ASSOCIATION' 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Print Name: 

By: 

Int Name: 

Print Name: ( Title: 

{CORPORATE SEAL} 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrument was ucknowle ged before me by means of 

physical resence 

] online notarization, this 20 day Of 

2020, by 

or [ 

pÊucz_______ of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMU ITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida 

not-for-profit corporation. on behalf of the corporation. He/She fis personally known to me] or 

[has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

as identification]. 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

c 90 

Commission No.: -7 

My Commission Expires: r 

6 
†
10059 G2639 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Supplemental Declaration to which this Joinder is attached for 

the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Supplemental Declaration. 

Page 7 of 11 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: 

Tit I e 

Print Name: 

Print ame: 

STATE OF FLOR D 

COUNTY OF 

Kirsten Lycett 

Judy∆osephó 

Address 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of ] physical presence 

or [_] online notarization, this 

day Of by 

of NNP-BCXLEY, LLC, a 

as 

Florida limited liability cotnpany. on behalCo[' the eoinpany. I-te [X] She [ 

I is personally known 

to me or [ ] has produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

.11 'L. 1' 

KIRSTEN LYCETT 

Notary Public - State of Floridd 

Commission GG 1 16021 

My Comm. Expires Oct 15, 2021 

Bonded through National Notary Assn 

as identification. 

44--ó-----m 

NOTARY SIG ƒTURE 

Kirsten Lygett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: / ("021 

My Commission Expires: .ï5.z-l 

7 
†
10059 G2640 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 1 

(Legal Description of the Phase 3 Property) 

DESCRIPTION: A parcel of land lying in Sections 9 and 10, Township 26 South, Range 18 

East, Pasco County, Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Northeasterly corner of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, according to the 

plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 80, Pages 128 through 138 inclusive, of the Public Records 

of Pasco County, Florida, for a POINT OF BEGINNING, run thence along the Northerly 

boundary of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, the following eleven (11) courses: 1) 

s.60037'08"W., 67.72 feet; 2) S.2603ffOOt'E., 64.63 feet; 3) S.18018tOO"E., 64.63 feet; 4) 

S. 10006'OO"E., 64.63 feet; 5) S.04051'15"E., 50.01 feet; 6) S.06000'OO"E., 100.00 feet; 7) 

s.84000'00"W., 500.00 feet; 8) N.72000'OO"W., 772.65 feet; 9) s.80000'00"W., 592.98 feet; 10) 

s.49000'00"W., 655.11 feet; 11) S.57045'OO"W., 80.00 feet to the Westerlymost corner of said 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, also being a point on the Northerly boundary of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY PHASE l, according to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 

130 inclusive, of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida; thence along said Northerly 

boundary of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, continue S.57045'OO"W., 207.85 feet; thence 

N.42000'OO"W., 832.65 feet; thence N.0200ffOO"E., 818.82 feet; thence S.80000'OO'tE., 434.54 feet 

to a point on a curve; thence Northerly, 100.31 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a 

radius of 460.00 feet and a central angle of 12029'41 " (chord bearing N. 1601451 "E. , 100.12 feet); 

thence N.49000'OO"W., 122.00 feet; thence N.41000'OOt'E., 59.00 feet; thence N.49000fOO"W., 

68.50 feet; thence N.41000'OO"E., 62.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"W., 31.50 feet; thence 

N.41 OOO'OO"E., 177.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"W., 50.00 feet; thence N.34000'OO"W., 390.26 

feet; thence N.32000t00"E., 808.11 feet to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 1085.34 feet 

along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 39035'00" 

(chord bearing S.52012'30"E., 1063.88 feet) to a point of tangency; thence S.72000'OO"E., 275.00 

feet to a point of curvature; thence Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a curve to the right 

having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 4405943" (chord bearing S.49030'08"E., 

1093.60 feet) to a point of reverse curvature; thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a 

curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 2605943" (chord bearing 

S.40030'08"E., 733.36 feet) to the POINT OF BEGINNING. 

8 

Page 8 of 11 
†
10059 G2641 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 5 

ADDITIONAL PROPERTY 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco 

County, Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest Corner of said Section 15; Thence along the West boundary of 

said Section 15, N.0001740"E., a distance of 2708.68 feet; thence leaving said West Boundary, 

S.8904220"E., a distance of 200.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGNNNGï, thence N.OOO 1740"E., a 

distance of 118.08 feet; thence Northerly, 1316.81 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left 

having a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 3401740" (chord bearing N. 16051' IO"W., 

1297.24 feet); thence N.34000'00"W., a distance of 316.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 488.69 feet 

along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 2000.00 feet and a central angle of 

14000'00'1 (chord bearing N.27000tOO"W., 487.48 feet); thence N.2000ffOO"W., a distance of 

316.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 1814.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having 

a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 47015'00" (chord bearing N.43037'30"W., 1763.29 

feet); thence N.22045'OO"E., a distance of 25.00 feet; thence N.0200ffOO"W., a distance of 1730.04 

feet; thence N. 10045'00"W., a distance of 752.72 feet; thence Northeasterly, 1106.69 feet along 

the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 1371.00 feet and a central angle of 

46015'00" (chord bearing N.56007'30"E., 1076.89 feet); thence N.33000'OO"E., a distance of 

298.39 feet; thence Northeasterly, 448.93 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having 

a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 1800000" (chord bearing N.42000'00"E., 447.09 

feet); thence N.51000t00"E., a distance of 109.14 feet; thence Easterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of 

a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 90000'00" (chord 

bearing S.8400ffOO"E., 35.36 feet); thence S.39000fOO"E., a distance of 28.69 feet; thence 

Southeasterly, 546.26 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 

feet and a central angle of 2105408" (chord bearing S.28002'56"E., 542.94 feet); thence 

Southeasterly, 1505.37 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 

feet and a central angle of 5405408" (chord bearing S.4403256"E., 1448.43 feet); thence 

S. 72000'00"E., a distance of 275.00 feet; thence Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a 

tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 44059'43" (chord 

bearing S.49030'08'E., 1093.60 feet); thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a reverse 

curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 2605943" (chord bearing 

S.40030f08"E., 733.36 feet); thence Southeasterly, 1361.32 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to 

the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 5403455" (chord bearing 

S.26042'32"E., 1310.42 feet); thence S.00034'55"W., a distance of 554.00 feet; thence 

Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet 

and a central angle of 90000100" (chord bearing S.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet); thence 

N.89025'05"W., a distance of 174.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 1319.35 feet along the arc of a 

tangent curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 feet and a central angle of 70034'55" (chord 

bearing s.55017'28"W., 1237.50 feet); thence s.20000'00"W., a distance of 1257.25 feet; thence 

Southwesterly, 1257.28 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 

feet and a central angle of 5002439" (chord bearing S.45012t19"W., 1217.12 feet); thence 

S. 7002439" W., a distance of 75.50 feet; thence Northwesterly, 67.12 feet along the arc of a tangent 

9 

Page 9 of 11 
†
10059 G2642 

OR BK 

curve to the right having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 10905301 " (chord bearing 

N.54038'51 57.30 feet) to the PONT OF BEGNNNG. 

LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

All of the real property described as Del Webb Bexley Phase 1, according to the plat thereof 

recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 130, inclusive, of the Public Records of Pasco 

County, Florida. 

ALSO LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

All of the real property described as Del Webb Bexley Phase 2, according to the plat thereof 

recorded in Plat Book 80, Pages 128 through 138, inclusive, of the Public Records of Pasco 

County, Florida. 

ALSO LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY (Phase 3 

Property): 

DESCRmION: A parcel of land lying in Sections 9 and 10, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, 

Pasco County, Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Northeasterly corner of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, according to the 

plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 80, Pages 128 through 138 inclusive, of the Public Records 

of Pasco County, Florida, for a PONT OF BEGINNNG, run thence along the Northerly boundary 

of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 2, the following eleven (11) courses: 1) s.60037'08"W., 

67.72 feet; 2) S.26030'OO"E., 64.63 feet; 3) S. 18018'OO"E., 64.63 feet; 4) S. 10006100"E., 64.63 

feet; 5) S.04051 '15"E., 50.01 feet; 6) S.06000'OO"E., 100.00 feet; 7) s.84000'00'tw., 500.00 feet; 

8) N.72000'OO"W., 772.65 feet; 9) s.80000'00'tw., 592.98 feet; 10) s.49000'00"W., 655.11 feet; 

1 1) s.57045'00"W., 80.00 feet to the Westerlymost corner of said DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 

2, also being a point on the Northerly boundary of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, according 

to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 77, Pages 116 through 130 inclusive, of the Public 

Records of Pasco County, Florida; thence along said Northerly boundary of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY PHASE 1, continue s.57045'00"W., 207.85 feet; thence N.42000'OO"W., 832.65 feet; 

thence N.02000'00"E., 818.82 feet; thence S.8000ff00"E., 434.54 feet to a point on a curve; thence 

Northerly, 100.31 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 460.00 feet and a 

central angle of 1202941" (chord bearing N. 1601451 100.12 feet); thence N.49000t00"W., 

122.00 feet; thence N.4100ffOO"E., 59.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"W., 68.50 feet; thence 

N.41 OOO'OO'E., 62.00 feet; thence N.49000'OO"W., 31.50 feet; thence N.41 OOO'OO"E., 177.00 feet; 

thence N.49000'OO"W., 50.00 feet; thence N.3400ffOO"W., 390.26 feet; thence N.32000'OO"E., 

808.11 feet to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 1085.34 feet along the arc of a curve to 

the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 39035'00" (chord bearing 

S.52012'30"E., 1063.88 feet) to a point of tangency; thence S. 72000'00'E., 275.00 feet to a point 

of curvature; thence Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a 

radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 44059'43" (chord bearing S.49030t08"E., 1093.60 

feet) to a point of reverse curvature; thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a curve to 

10 

0038811 1 VI 

Page 10 of 11 
†
10059 G2643 

OR BK 

Page 11 of 11 

the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central angle of 2605943" 

S.4003ff08"E., 733.36 feet) to the PONT OF BEGNNNG. 

11 

(chord bearing 

10063 PG 446 

2020037050 

INSTR# 

OR BK 

03/03/2020 11:44AM Rcpt 2141026 Rec:61 OO OS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. Eola Drive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

óóSPACE ABOVE THIS LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING DATA..- 

SIXTH AMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO COMMUNITY DE ARAI*ION FOR DEI. 

WEBB BEXLEY (the "Sixth Amendment") is made as of 

2020, by 

PULITE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited iiability company a thorized to transact 

business in the state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the "Association") 

and NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Founder"). 

WITNESS ET H: 

WHEREAS. Declarant, with the joinders of the Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815, Page 3107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 

to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 

Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, Page 717, and as 

supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 

9929, Page 1953, and as supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and 

Fifth Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 26, 2020 in 

Official Records Book 10059, Page 2633, all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida 

(collectively, the "Declaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Sixth Amendment, capitalized terms used 

herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 ofthe Declaration, prior to the 'Turnover' (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

0038811M 74366W431369v4 

I Of 7 
†
10063 

OR BK 

G 447 

page 2 of 7 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the original date of recording of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant is desirous of executing and recording this Sixth Amendment to 

(i) allow an Owner to install a temporary storage/moving container on such Owner's driveway in 

order to facilitate such Owner or their Lessee moving in or moving out of such Owner's Home 

subject to certain conditions as more particularly set forth hereinbelow, (ii) set forth procedures 

and requirements pursuant to which an Owner, with the approval of the ARC and at such Owner's 

sole cost and expense, may request that the Association replace Street Trees located in the 

Common Area Roadway Tracts (as such terms are defined below) adjacent to their Lots, all as 

more particularly set forth hereinbelow; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Sixth Amendment to confirm 

its approval of and consent to same; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Sixth Amendment to 

confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by same. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Sixth Amendment, Declarant hereby amends the Declaration, and the Association 

and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Sixth Amendment, as follows: 

Recitals. The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are incorporated herein by 

reference. 

2. Ratification Of Declaration. The Declarant hereby ratifies and affirms the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

Amendment and Restatement of Section 12.36 Regarding Stori!ge. Section 

3. 

12.36 of the Declaration is hereby amended and restated to read as follows (additions are 

and deletions, if any, are 

S_gtagg. No temporary or permanent utility or storage shed, 

"12.36 

storage building, tent, or other structure or improvement shall be permitted and no 

other structure or improvement shall be constructed, erected, altered, modified or 

maintained. 

2 
†
10063 

OR BK 

G 448 

3 Of 7 

Owner install_a_ ternoorar.,ï storage/moving container on such Qwner's 

drivewav. unless_ﬂii written notice to at 

nrior go the_prouosed date or install aEinn ot such temporarv_ 

cati n 

uch installati 

such exoresslv assumes and and save and 

bo!d harmless the Indemnified Parties from actions. iniuries_ 

ama¯es. ur anv 

claims. 

in conqp$tinn with. as a result of or in anv wav relating Che 

removal such_lemoqrarv incltld.tnp_ 

to such Owner's 

dew 

Water softeners, trash containers, pool pumps, filters and equipment 

and other similar devices shall be properly screened from the street in a manner 

approved by the ARC." 

4. Addition of Section 10.15 Regarding Replacement Street frees. The following 

Section 10.15 is hereby added to the Declaration. 

10.15 Replacement Of Street Trees in Common Area Roadway Tracts Adjacent to 

Lots. As more particularly set forth in Section 10.5 above, all roadways within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY shall he private roadways located within Tracts that constitute Common Areas 

(each a All landscaping located in Common Area 

Roadway Tracts, including, without limitation, trees located between an Owner's Lot and 

the private roadway located within the Common Area Roadway Tract (each a "'Street 

Tree") are to be maintained by the Association as an Operating Expense. At the request of 

an Owner, and on compliance with the requirements set forth hereinbelow, the Association 

may replace one or more Street Trees adjoining an Owner's Lot with a Street Tree of a 

different type or species (each a No Street Tree may be 

removed and no Replacement Street Tree may be installed unless the Owner of the adjacent 

Lot complies with each of the foregoing requirements: 

Declarant Or the ARC may establish Architectural Guidelines for 

10.15.1 

Replacement Street Trees which may include, but shall not be limited to, requirements and 

limitations as to type, species, size, coloring, installation locations and such other 

requirements or criteria as the Declarant or ARC may determine in their sole discretion. If 

there are no Architectural Guidelines for Replacement Street Trees in effect, existing Street 

Trees may not be removed and Replacement Street Trees may not be installed. 

All requests for installation of Replacement Street Tree within the 

10.152 

Common Area Roadway Tract adjacent to an Owner 's Lot must be submitted by the Owner 

to the ARC, must be in writing, and must be on such forms and contain such information 

as required by the ARC. All requests for removal of Street Trees and installation of 

Replacement Street Trees will be reviewed by the ARC in accordance with Section 19 of 

the Declaration and this Section 10.15. The ARC may approve, approve with conditions 

3 

cm)3881n174366W431369v4 
†
10063 

OR BK 

G 449 

page 4 of 7 

or disapprove any request for removal Of Street Trees and installation or Replacement 

Street Trees in the ARC's sole and absolute discretion. 

If approved by the ARC, existing Street Trees shall be removed and 

10.15.3 

Replacement Street Trees shall be installed by a landscape contractor selected by the 

Association. No Owner, Lessee or any party other than the Association's landscape 

contractor may remove a Street Tree or install a Replacement Street Tree within any 

Common Area Roadw ay Tract. 

The Owner of the Lot who requested installation of the Replacement 

10.15.4 

Street Trees shall be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by the Association in 

removing the existing Street Trees and installing Replacement Street Trees. At the option 

of the Association, the Association may require that such Owner deposit funds with the 

Association (each a "Replacement Street Tree Deposit") to be applied by the Association 

against the costs and expenses of removing existing Street Trees and installing 

Replacement Street Trees. Any Replacement Street Tree Deposit required by the 

Association shall not be deemed a cap or limitation on the Owner's obligation to reimburse 

the Association for all costs and expenses incurred in removing the existing Street Trees 

and installing Replacement Street Trees as requested by the Owner. Any costs and 

expenses incurred by the Association in connection with such matters which are not paid 

by an Owner's Replacement Street Tree Deposit shall be collected by the Association 

through an Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot in accordance with Section 

17.2.6 hereinbelow. 

Neither the Association, the ARC nor the Declarant shall be deemed 

10.15.5 

to have made any warranties or representations regarding the size, growth, coloration, or 

any other aspect or feature of any Replacement Street Trees. Any depictions or information 

regarding Replacement Street Trees provided by the Manager, Association, ARC, 

Declarant or any landscaping contractor engaged by the Association to install Replacement 

Street Trees shall be for general information pulposes only and do not constitute a warranty 

or repÊsentation regarding the Replacement Street Trees which will be installed in the 

Common Area Roadway Tracts adjacent to any Owner's Lot. No Owner or any other party 

shall have any right to require the Association to install a different Replacement Street Tree 

on such Owner's Lot or to make any claim or demand against the Association, the ARC, 

the Manager, Declarant or the landscape contractor installing the Replacement Street Tree 

in the event such Owner is dissatisfied with same. 

5. Effect of Amendment. Except as herein specifically amended and restated, the 

Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Declaration, as 

amended and restated by this Sixth Amendment, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 

all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion thereof, and 

their respective heirs, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures On the Following Pages] 

4 

0038811 \17436619431369v4 
†
10063 

OR BK 

G 450 

5 Of 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Sixth Amendment to be executed 

as Of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Prin 

Print Name 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

Pr t Name: t 

Tide. 

Address: 2662 S. Falkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

STATE OFFL R 

COUNTY OF 

day of 2020, by 

Gf PULTE hOME COMPANY, 

LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He/She (is personally 

as identifi 

k=Êgle] or [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State o orida 

Commission NO.: 

My Commission Expires- 

5 
†
10063 

OR BK 

or ASSOCIATION 

6451 

6 Of 7 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Sixth Amendment to which 

this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof are and shall be 

binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

nay 

WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has executed this Join der on this 

of 

WITNESSES: 

Print 

print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporati on 

Print Name: 

Title: 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of 

ysical sence 

or online notarization, this ;mday Of 2020, by 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC , a Florida 

not-for-profit corporation. on behalf of the corporation. He/She [is personally known to me] or 

as identification 

[has produced 

[NOTARY SEALI 

09, 2021 

'st stare 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State f Fl "da 

Commission No.: 

My Commission Expires: 

6 

6 z-ez,' 
†
10063 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

G 452 

7 Of 7 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

'Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Sixth Amendment to which this Joinder is attached for the 

purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval Of this Sixth Amendment. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLOR 

COUNTY OF 

Kirsten Lycett 

ludy Joseph 

ATV 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

Name: ïr 

Address 777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

The foregoing instrument was acknowled before me by megns physical presence 

day of 

or online notarization, this 

2020, by 

as 

of NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a 

Florida limited liability company, on behalfofthecompany. He She [ I 

as identification. 

to me or [ ] has produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

0038811\17436619431369vi 

NOTARY SIGNATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 6 // 

My Commission Expires: 

7 

10533 PG 2735 

2022018589 

INSTR# 

OR BK 

page 1 org 

01120/2022 0403 PM Rcpt 2406338 Rec 7800 OS. 0.00 IT: O_CO 

Nikki Alvarez-Sowles, Esq., Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A. 

215 N. EolaDrive 

Orlando, Florida 32801 

óSPACE ABOVE THI s LINE RESERVED FOR RECORDING 

SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION 

AND SEVENTHAMENDMENT 

TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR DEL WEBB 

(PHASE 4) 

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATION AND SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (PHASE 4) (the 

"Supplemental Declaration") is made as Of 

, 2022, by PULTE HOME 

COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company authorized to transact business in the 

state of Florida (the "Declarant") and joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit corporation (the 'Association") and NNP- 

BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("Egundu"). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, Declarant, with the joinders ofthe Association and Founder, entered into that 

certain Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded August 17, 2018 in Official 

Records Book 9774, Page 2623, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Community 

Declaration for Del Webb Bexley (Declaring Additional Easements) recorded November 8, 2018 

in Official Records Book 9815 , Page 3 107, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment 

to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded November 26, 2018 in Official Records 

Book 9821, Page 2967, and that certain Third Amendment to Community Declaration for Del 

Webb Bexley recorded February 21, 2019 in Official Records Book 9862, page 717, as 

supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and Fourth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded June 27, 2019 in Official Records Book 

9929, Page 1953, as supplemented and amended by that certain Supplemental Declaration and 

Fifth Amendment to Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded February 26,2020 in 

Official Records Book 10059, Page 2633, as amended by that certain Sixth Amendment to 

Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley recorded March 3, 2020 in Official Records Book 

16063, Page 446 all of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida collectively, the 

"DeeIaration"); and 

WHEREAS, unless otherwise defined in this Supplemental Declaration, capitalized terms 

used herein shall have the meanings and definitions set forth in the Declaration; and 
†
10533 0736 

OR BK 

page 2 of 9 

WHEREAS, Declarant and the Association are the fee simple owners Of certain property 

located in Pasco County, Florida which is contiguous to the Phase 3 Property and more particularly 

described on Exhibit "1" attached hereto and which Declarant has developed as Phase 4 of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY (such property being hereinafter described as the and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 Of the Declaration provides that prior to the Community 

Completion Date, additional lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant and 

that such additional lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of the 

Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to the Declaration in the Public 

Records; and 

WHEREAS, Section 5.1 of the Declaration further provides that, except for applicable 

governmental approvals (if any) and the consent of Founder if such annexed additional lands are 

not pan ofthe Additional Property, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from any 

other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or any Lenders); and 

WHEREAS, the Community Completion Date has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the Declarant has obtained all applicable governmental approvals required 

for the Phase 4 Property to be made part Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and brought within the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Phase 4 Property is part of the Additional Property and therefore the 

consent of Founder to this Supplemental Declaration annexing to Phase 4 Property as part of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY is not required; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant and the Association, as evidenced by their execution hereof and 

joinder hereto, wish and do hereby submit the Phase 4 Property as part Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

and bring the Phase 4 Property within the provisions and applicability of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.3 ofthe Declaration, prior to the "Turnover" (as defined 

in the Declaration), Declarant may amend the Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the 

joinder or consent of any person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable 

law as it exists on the original date of recording of the Declaration or as otherwise expressly set 

fonh in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 4.6 Of the Declaration provides that all amendments to the 

Declaration must be approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Turnover has not yet occurred; and 

WHEREAS, the proposed amendments to the Declaration as set forth herein are not 

limited or prohibited by applicable law as it existed on the onginal date Of recording Of the 

Declaration or as otherwise expressly set forth in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 2 Of the Declaration defines the Additional Property as the property 

which is contiguous to DEL WEBB BEXLEY as described on Exhibit 5 ofthe Declaration and 

which is contemplated to be acquired by Declarant from Founder pursuant to the Declarant 

2 
†
10533 0737 

OR BK 

page 3 of 9 

Purchase Contract and developed and subjected to the Declaration by Supplemental Declaration 

pursuant to Section 5.1 ofthe Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Declarant, by virtue of its acquisition of the Phase 4 Property from Founder 

and annexation of the Phase 4 Property under the Declaration by this Supplemental Declaration, 

has now acquired and annexed into DEL WEBB BEXLEY all of the Additional Property as 

defined in the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Section 28.5 of the Declaration provides that, until Declarant has purchased 

all of the Additional Property from Founder pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract, Founder, 

at Founder' s option, may appoint one member to the Board Of the Association and one member Of 

the ARC; and 

WHEREAS, Section 28.10 of the Declaration sets forth certain rights and remedies of the 

Founder in the event Declarant defaults under the Declarant Purchase Contract prior to purchasing 

all of the Additional Property or other,vise does not purchase all of the Additional Property 

pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract (together the "Founder's Purc"se Conwrac( 

Remedie$'); and 

WHEREAS, Section 28.14 of the Declaration provides disclosures with respect to certain 

easements for access, utilities and drainage for the benefit of the Additional Property (together the 

Pronertv EasemenW') granted under the Founder post Closing Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the purpose Of the Additional Property Easements was to provide easements 

for access, utilities and drainage for the benefit of the portions of the Additional Property which 

Declarant did not purchase from Founder pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract; and 

WHEREAS, by virtue of Declarant's purchase of Phase 4 Property from Founder, 

subjection Of the Phase 4 Property to the Phase 4 Plat and annexation Of the Phase 4 Property into 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant has now acquired all 

of the Additional Property, subjected all of the Additional Property to the Declaration and has 

dedicated and granted the easements for access, utilities and drainage for all of the Additional 

Property as contemplated by the Additional Property Easements pursuant to the plat and the 

Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, by virtue of Declarant's acquisition of all of the Additional Property, 

annexation of all the Additional Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to 

Supplemental Declarations, and establishment of easements for access, utilities and drainage for 

all of the Additional Property pursuant to the Plat and this Declaration, Declarant is desirous of 

executing and recording this Supplemental Declaration to (i) delete Section 28.5 from the 

Declaration because Founder no longer has any right to appoint a member of the Board of the 

Association or a member of the ARC pursuant thereto, (ii) delete Section 28.10 of the Declaration 

because Founder no longer lus any right to exercise any of the Founder's Purchase Contract 

Remedies and (iii) delete Section 28.14 of the Declaration because the Additional Property 

Easements created under the Founder Post Closing Agreement have been incorporated into the 

easements for access, utilities and drainage dedicated and granted pursuant to the Plat and the 
†
10533 0738 

OR BK 

page 4 of 9 

Declaration, and (iv) delete Exhibit 5 to the Declaration because there is no longer any Additional 

Property as defined in Section 2 of the Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, Founder desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental Declaration to 

confirm its approval of and consent to same, including, without limitation the deletion of Sections 

28.5, 28.10 and 28.14 and Exhibit 5 ofthe Declaration; and 

WHEREAS, the Association desires to join in the execution of this Supplemental 

Declaration to annex the portions of the Phase 4 Property owned by the Association into DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY and to confirm its consent to, approval of and agreement to be bound by the 

amendments to the Declaration effected by this Supplemental Declaration. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of these premises, the mutual covenants 

contained in this Supplemental Declaration, Declarant hereby supplements and amends the 

Declaration, and the Association and Founder hereby join in and consent to this Supplemental 

Declaration, as follows: 

I. The foregoing recitals are true an d co rrect an d are rporated herei n by 

2. Ratification of D eclaration. The Declarant h ereby ratifies and affirms the 

provisions and applicability of the Declaration. 

Annexation of Phase 4 Property, Pursuant to Section 5.1 Of the Declaration, the 

Phase 4 Property is hereby annexed into and made a pan of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and subjected 

to the covenants, conditions and restrictions of the Declaration. The Phase 4 Property shall be 

held, occupied, sold and conveyed subject to the Declaration, which is for the purpose of enhancing 

and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness Of DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the 

Phase 4 Property) and which shall run with the title to DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including the Phase 

4 Property). 

4, Additional Definitions. The following additional definitions are hereby added to 

Section 2 of the Declaration: 

"Phase 4 Plat" shall mean any recorded subdivision plat of any part or all ofthe Phase 4 

Property. 

shall have the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Declaration and 

Seventh Amendment to the Declaration. 

Deletion ofDescripgion ofAdditional Property on Exhibit 5 to the Declaration. The 

5. 

description Of the Additional Propelty attached as Exhibit 5 to the Declaration is hereby deleted in 

its entirety. 

Deletion of Sections 28.5, Sections 28.5, 28.10 and 28.14 ofthe 

6. 

Declaration are hereby deleted in their entirety, 

4 
†
10533 0739 

OR BK 

page 5 of9 

7. Effect of Sunnlemental Declaration. Except as herein specifically supplemented 

and amended, the Declaration shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

The Declaration, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Declaration, shall be binding 

upon and inure to the benefit Of all parties having any right, title or interest in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY (including the Phase 4 Property) or any portion thereof, and their respective heirs, 

administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

[Signatures on the Following pages] 

5 
†
10533 0740 

OR BK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Declarant has caused this Supplemental Declaration to be 

executed as of the date and year first above written. 

WITNESSES: 

Print Name: 

nt Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

' ECLARANI"' 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a 

Michigan limited liability company 

By: 

Prin 

Title: 

e: 

Address: 2662 S. F alkenburg Rd. 

Riverview, FL, 33578 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of physical presence 

online notarization, this day of 

2022, by 

of PULT HOME COMPANY, 

LLC, a ichigan limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He/She [is eersonally 

U!2.EL.LLL1el or [has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

0038811\174366111653069v3 

as identification]. 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State of Florida 

Commission No.: Ilk 

My Commission Expires: q I 'LS 

6 
†
10533 0741 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association"), does hereby join in and consent to the Supplemental Declaration 

to which this Joinder is attached, and agrees and acknowledges that the terms thereof are and shall 

be binding upon the Association and its successors and assigns. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this u_nay 

page 7 of 9 

of 

WITNESSES: 

2022. 

Print N e: 

print Name: 

Shannon Hess 

"ASSOCIATION" 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation 

Print N 

Title; 

{CORPORATE SEAL} 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means ofl 

physical presence 

or online notarization, this day 2022' by 

ofDEL WEBB BEXLEYCOMMINITY ASSOCIATION, 1 C., a Florida 

not-for-profit corporation, on behalf of the corporation. He/She [is personally known to me) or 

[has produced 

[NOTARY SEAL] 

as identification]. 

Notary Public Signature 

Notary Public, State ofFloHda 

Commission No.: B 

My Commission Expires: 

7 
†
10533 0742 

OR BK 

JQ'NPF,R OF FOUNDER 

page eof9 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

'SFounder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined in the Declaration), 

hereby joins in and consents to the Supplemental Declaration to which this Joinder is attached for 

the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Supplemental Declaration. 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of following witnesses: 

Print 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF HILLSBOROUGH 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By. 

Name: Alex McLeod 

Title: Regional President 

Address 3162 South Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of [k] physical presence 

or online notarization, this IL/ day of January, 2022, by Alex McLeod, as Regional 

President of NNP-BEXLEY, Lloe%ˆlda limited liability company, on behalf of the company. 

as identification. 

He She I ] has produced 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

LYCE-rr 

Not" Public ï State a' 

Cgmmi"lco 

M', ' Camm Ort 2075 

Bonded through Am. 

16530690 

NOTARY G ATLJRE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: 

My Commission Expires: 

8 
†
10533 0743 

OR BK 

(Lega\ Peseriotion of the Phase 4 Property) 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 4, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 86, 

Pages 47 through 59, inclusive, Public Records of Pasco County, Florida. 

9 

page 9 of 9 

9774 PG 2623 

INSTR# 2018140037 OR BK 

Page 1 of 139 

08/17/2018 04:23 PM Rcpt: 1983384 Rec: 1183.00 DS: 0.00 IT: 0.00 

TauCa S. 0%MeiC, Ph.D., Pasco County Clerk & ComptroCCer 

PREPARED BY AND RETURN TO: 

James G. Kattelmann, Esq. 

Lowndes, Drosdick, Doster, 

215 North Eola Drive 

Post Office Box 2809 

Orlando, FL 328020809 

Recitals 

Definitions 

Kantor & Reed, P A 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

10. 

ll. 

12. 

13. 

14. 

15. 

16. 

17. 

18. 

19. 

20. 

21. 

22. 

23. 

24. 

25. 

26. 

27. 

28. 

29. 

Plan of Development 

Amendment 

Annexation and Withdrawal 

Dissolution 

Binding Effect and Membership 

Paramount Right of Declarant 

Common Areas 

Maintenance by the Association 

Maintenance by Owners 

Use Restrictions 

Easement for Unintentional and Non-Negligent Encroachments 

Requirement to Maintain Insurance 

Property Rights 

Restrictions Affecting Occupancy and Alienation 

Assessments 

Information to Lenders and Owners 

Architectural Control 

Enforcement 

Additional Rights of Declarant 

Refund of Taxes and Other Charges 

Assignment of Powers 

General Provisions 

Surface Water Management System 

Additional Disclosures and Restrictions 

Conservation Easements 

Bexley Residential Charter, Founder and Bexley Residential Association Matters 

Bexley Community Development District 

.11 

.12 

.12 

. 14 

.15 

.24 

.29 

.32 

.43 

.43 

.49 

.61 

.61 

.67 

..69 

.76 

.76 

.79 

.81 

. 84 

.87 

.93 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2624 

OR BK 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit 1 - Legal Description 

Exhibit 2 - Articles of Incorporation 

Exhibit 3 Bylaws 

Permit 

Exhibit 4 

Additional Property 

Exhibit 5 

ii 

Page 2 of 139 

003881 1 
†
9774 G2625 

OR BK 

COMMUNITY DECLARATION 

FOR 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

THIS COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY (this "Declaration") 

is made this day of us4 , 2018, by PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan 

limited liability company authorized to transact business in the State of Florida (the "Declarant") 

joined in by DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for- 

profit corporation (the "Association"). 

Page 3 of 139 

A. 

B. 

RECITALS 

Declarant is the owner of the real property located in Pasco County, Florida, more 

particularly described on Exhibit 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein by 

reference ("DEL WEBB BEXLEY"). 

Declarant hereby desires to subject DEL WEBB BEXLEY and all right, title and 

interest of Declarant in DEL WEBB BEXLEY to the covenants, conditions and 

restrictions contained in this Declaration. 

This Declaration is a covenant running with all of the land comprising DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, and each present and future owner of interests therein and their heirs, 

successors and assigns are hereby subject to this Declaration. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained in 

this Declaration, Declarant hereby declares that every portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is to be 

held, transferred, sold, conveyed, used and occupied subject to the covenants, conditions, 

restrictions, easements, reservations, regulations, charges and liens hereinafter set forth. 

Recitals. The foregoing Recitals are true and correct and are incorporated into and form a 

1. 

part of this Declaration. 

Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Declaration, all initially 

2. 

capitalized terms herein shall have the following meanings: 

"Act" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.1 hereof. 

"Act's Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement" shall mean that at least eighty percent 

(80%) of the Homes in DEL WEBB BEXLEY are occupied by at least one (1) person fifty-five 

(55) years of age or older and DEL WEBB BEXLEY complies with the requirements of the Act 

and 24 C.F.R. 100.305, 100.306 and 100.307, as amended. 

"Activity Card" means a card the Association issues in accordance with the terms and 

conditions set forth in Section 26.7 and which confers upon the holder rights of access to and use 

of solme or all of the Recreational Facilities subject to the applicable Rules and Regulations adopted 

with respect to same. 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2626 

OR BK 

"Additional Property" shall mean the real property located in Pasco County, Florida 

which is contiguous to DEL WEBB BEXLEY and more particularly described on Exhibit 5 

attached hereto which is contemplated to be acquired by Declarant from Founder pursuant to the 

Declarant Purchase Contract and developed and subjected to this Declaration by Supplemental 

Declaration pursuant to Section 5.1 below. 

'Age-Qualified Occupant" shall mean a person who is fifty-five (55) years of age or older 

who has designated the Home as the Age-Qualified Occupant's primary residence. Occupancy as 

a primary residence shall be established by the mailing address for the individual, official address 

on file for voter registration or driver's license or other means to establish legal residency under 

Florida law. 

"Approved Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 28.8 hereof. 

"ARC" shall mean the Architectural Review Committee for DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

established pursuant to Section 19.1 hereof. 

"Architectural Guidelines" shall mean the architectural guidelines, specifications and/or 

other standards, if any, set forth in this Declaration, or separately established by the Declarant or 

the ARC pursuant to Section 19.5 hereof. 

"Articles" shall mean the Articles of Incorporation of the Association filed with the Florida 

Secretary of State in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2 and made a part hereof, as amended 

from time to time. 

"Assessments" shall mean any assessments made in accordance with this Declaration and 

as further defined in Section 17.1 hereof. 

"Association" shall mean DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., 

a Florida not for profit corporation, its successors and assigns. 

"Association Indemnified Parties" shall mean the Association and its officers, directors, 

managers, agents, employees, affiliates and attorneys and their respective successors and assigns. 

"Bexley Residential Association" shall mean Bexley Homeowners Association, Inc., a 

Florida non-profit corporation. 

"Bexley Residential Charter" shall mean the Community Charter and Declaration of 

Restrictions for Bexley Residential Properties recorded in Official Records Book 9324, Page 3546 

of the Public Records of Pasco County as supplemented and amended from time to time. 

"Bexley Residential Community" shall mean the real property now or hereafter subject 

to the Bexley Residential Charter consisting of the master development in which the Bexley 

Residential Community is located. 

Bexley Residential Community Amenities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 

28.4 hereof. 

2 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 4 of 139 
†
9774 G2627 

OR BK 

"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Association. 

shall mean the Bylaws of the Association in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 

and made a part hereof as amended from time to time. 

"CDD" shall mean the Del Webb Bexley Community Development District formed and 

operated to maintain portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to the CDD Documents. The 

CDD is not the Bexley Community Development District formed pursuant to Ordinance No. 15- 

13 of the Pasco County Board of County Commissioners effective May 19, 2015, which governs 

land outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

"CDD Assessments" shall mean debt service and operating assessments for the CDD 

pursuant to the CDD Documents. 

"CDD Documents" shall mean the organizational and operational documents for the CDD 

as promulgated, amended and supplemented from time to time, including, without limitation 

Ordinance No. 17-39 of the Pasco County Board of County Commissioners establishing the CDD 

effective October 30, 2017. The CDD Documents shall also include, but shall not be limited to 

resolutions of the CDD authorizing construction and/or acquisition of infrastructure improvements 

and confirming the CDD's intention to issue special assessment revenue bonds to finance the cost 

of same. 

"CDD Facilities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 29 hereof. EACH PERSON 

BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO A LOT HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES 

THE CDD FACILITIES ARE NOT COMMON AREAS WHICH ARE OWNED AND 

CONTROLLED BY THE ASSOCIATION AND FURTHER WAIVES ANY CLAIM OR RIGHT 

TO HAVE ANY PORTION OF THE CDD FACILITIES BE CONSIDERED AS COMMON 

AREAS. 

"CDD Indemnified Parties" shall mean the CDD and its officers, directors, agents, 

employees, affiliates and attorneys and their respective successors and assigns. 

"CDD Tract" shall mean any Tract within DEL WEBB BEXLEY dedicated to and 

operated and maintained by the CDD. 

"Common Areas" shall mean all real property interests and personally within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY designated as Common Areas from time to time by the Declarant, by this Declaration, 

by the Plat or by recorded amendment to this Declaration and provided for, owned, leased by, or 

dedicated to, the common use and enjoyment of the Owners within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The 

Common Areas shall include the private streets and roadways within DEL WEBB BEXLEY and 

may include, without limitation, the Recreational Facilities (as defined herein), entrance gates, 

features and signs, a manned gatehouse, fountains in ponds, buffer or landscaped areas, open space 

areas, internal bufTers, perimeter buffers, perimeter walls and fences, easement areas owned by 

others, public rights of way, open space areas, irrigation facilities, sidewalks, street lights, and 

commonly used utility facilities. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN CONTAINED 

TO THE CONTRARY, THE DEFINITION OF "COMMON AREAS" AS SET FORTH IN THIS 

DECLARATION IS FOR DESCRIPTIVE PURPOSES ONLY AND SHALL IN NO WAY 

BIND, OBLIGATE OR LIMIT DECLARANT TO CONSTRUCT OR SUPPLY ANY SUCH 

003881 1786.v7 

Page 5 of 139 
†
9774 G2628 

OR BK 

ITEM AS SET FORTH IN SUCH DESCRIPTION, THE CONSTRUCTION OR SUPPLYING 

OF ANY SUCH ITEM BEING IN DECLARANT'S SOLE DISCRETION. FURTHER, NO 

PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RELY UPON SUCH DESCRIPTION AS A 

REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE EXTENT OF THE COMMON AREAS 

OR RECREATIONAL FACILITIES TO BE CONSTRUCTED BY DECLARANT OR TO BE 

OWNED OR OPERATED BY THE ASSOCIATION, EXCEPT AFTER CONSTRUCTION 

AND CONVEYANCE OF ANY SUCH ITEM TO THE ASSOCIATION. FURTHER, AND 

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, CERTAIN AREAS THAT WOULD OTHERWISE 

BE COMMON AREAS SHALL BE OR HAVE BEEN CONVEYED TO THE CDD AND 

SHALL COMPRISE PART OF THE CDD FACILITIES. CDD FACILITIES SHALL NOT 

INCLUDE COMMON AREAS. 

"Community Amenity" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2 hereof. 

"Community Completion Date" shall mean the date upon which all Homes in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY, as ultimately planned and as fully developed, have been conveyed by Declarant 

to Owners. 

"Conservation Easements" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 27. I hereof. 

"Conservation Easement Property" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 27.1 

hereof. The Conservation Easement Property will be part of the CDD Facilities and will be owned 

and maintained by the CDD. 

"Contractors" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 19.12.2 hereof. 

"County" shall mean Pasco County, Florida. 

"Declaration" shall mean this COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, together with all amendments and modifications thereof and Supplements thereto. 

"Declarant" shall mean PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability 

company (the "Declarant"), or any successor or assign who has or takes title to any portion of the 

property described in Exhibit 1 or Exhibit 5 for development and/or sale and who is designated 

as Declarant in a recorded instrument which the immediately preceding Declarant executes. 

Declarant shall have the right to assign all or a portion of any rights granted to the Declarant in 

this Declaration. Subject to Founder's prior written consent (or waiver of same) pursuant to 

Section 28 below, Declarant shall also have the right to assign all or a portion of any obligations 

In the event of a partial assignment of some, but not all, 

of the Declarant in this Declaration. 

Declarant rights and/or obligations, the assignee shall not be deemed the Declarant, but may 

exercise those rights 01' shall be responsible for those obligations of Declarant assigned to it. 

Additionally any partial assignee that does not assume all of the obligations of Declarant shall not 

be deemed the Declarant. 

"Decl'arant Indemnified Parties" shall mean the Declarant and its officers, directors, 

partners, agents, employees, affiliates and attorneys and their respective successors and assigns. 

4 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 6 of 139 
†
9774 G2629 

OR BK 

Declarant Purchase Contract" shall mean that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement 

(together with all amendments thereto from time to time) between Founder, as Seller, and 

Declarant, as Builder, dated January 14, 2017 pursuant to which (i) Declarant has purchased the 

property comprising DEL WEBB BEXLEY from Founder and (ii) Declarant has the right to 

purchase the Additional Property to be submitted as future phases of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

"DEL WEBB BEXLEY" shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof subject 

to additions and deletions thereto as permitted pursuant to the terms of this Declaration. 

"Founder" shall mean NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company and its 

successors and assigns as provided under the Bexley Residential Charter. 

"Governing Documents" shall mean the CDD Documents, this Declaration, the Articles, 

the Bylaws, the Rules and Regulations, the Architectural Guidelines, and any applicable 

Supplemental Declaration all as amended from time to time. 

"Home" shall mean a residential dwelling and appurtenances thereto constructed on a Lot 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The term Home may not reflect the same division of property as 

reflected on a Plat. A Home shall be deemed created and have perpetual existence upon the 

issuance of a final or temporary Certificate of Occupancy for such residence; provided, however, 

the subsequent loss of such Certificate of Occupancy (e.g., by casualty or remodeling) shall not 

affect the status of a Home, or the obligation of Owner to pay Assessments with respect to such 

Home. The term "Home" includes any interest in land, improvements, or other property 

appurtenant to the Home. 

"Immediate Family Members" shall mean the spouse of the Owner or Lessee and all 

unmarried children twenty-five (25) years and younger of the Owner or the Owner's spouse or the 

Lessee or the Lessee's Spouse. If an Owner or Lessee is unmarried, the Owner or Lessee may 

designate one (l) other person who is living with such Owner or Lessee in the Home in addition 

to children of the Owner or Lessee as an adult Immediate Family Member. No unmarried child or 

other person shall qualify as an Immediate Family Member unless such person is living with the 

Owner or Lessee within the Home. 

"Indemnified Parties" shall mean the Declarant Indemnified Parties, the Association 

Indemnified Parties and the CDD Indemnified Parties. 

"Individual Assessments" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 172.6 hereof. 

"Initial Contribution" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.11 hereof. 

"Installment Assessments" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.2. I hereof. 

"Lease Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.24 hereof. 

"Lender" shall mean (i) the institutional and licensed holder of a first mortgage 

encumbering a Lot or Home or (ii) Declarant and its affiliates, to the extent Declarant or its 

affiliates finances the purchase of a Home or Lot initially or by assignment of an existing mortgage. 

5 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 7 of 139 
†
9774 G2630 

OR BK 

"Lessee" shall mean the lessee named in any Lease Agreement with respect to a Home who 

is legally entitled to possession of any Home within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

"Lot" shall mean any platted lot that is within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The term "Lot" also 

includes any interest in land, improvements, or other property appurtenant to the Lot, including 

without limitation a Home. 

"Master Plan" shall mean collectively any full or partial concept plan for the development 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as it exists as of the date of recording this Declaration, as same may be 

amended from time to time by Declarant, in its sole discretion, regardless of whether such plan is 

currently on file with one or more governmental agencies. The Master Plan is subject to change 

as set forth herein. The Master Plan is not a representation by Declarant as to the development of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as Declarant reserves the right to amend all or part of the Master Plan 

from time to time. 

"Occupy," "Occupies," "Occupied" or "Occupancy" shall mean, unless otherwise 

specified in the Governing Documents, staying overnight in a particular Home for at least ninety 

(90) total days in the subject calendar year. The term "Occupant" shall refer to any individual other 

than an Owner who Occupies a Home or is in possession of a Lot or Parcel, or any portion thereof 

or building or structure thereon, whether as a Lessee or otherwise, other than on a merely transient 

basis (and shall include, without limitation, a Resident). 

Operating Expenses" shall mean all costs and expenses of the Association. Operating 

Expenses may include, without limitation, all costs of ownership, operation, and administration of 

the Common Areas, including the Recreational Facilities and any Landscape Tracts and Landscape 

Easements; all community lighting including up-lighting and entrance lighting, all amounts 

payable in connection with any private street lighting agreement between Association and a public 

utility provider; amounts payable to a Telecommunications Provider for Telecommunications 

Services furnished to all Owners; private garbage and trash pickup for all Owners through a bulk 

contract; utilities; taxes; insurance; bonds; salaries; management fees; professional fees; service 

costs; supplies; maintenance; repairs; replacements; refurbishments; and any and all costs relating 

to the discharge of the obligations of the Association hereunder, or as determined to be part of the 

Operating Expenses by the Association. By way of example, and not of limitation, Operating 

Expenses shall include all of the Association's legal expenses and costs relating to or arising from 

the enforcement and/or interpretation of this Declaration. Notwithstanding anything to the 

contrary herein, Operating Expenses shall not include Reserves. If any of the foregoing items 

identified as possible Operating Expenses are operated and maintained by the CDD as CDD 

Facilities and funded by CDD Assessments, the same shall not be included in Operating Expenses. 

"Owner" shall mean the record title owner (whether one or more persons or entities) of 

fee simple title to any Lot. The term "Owner" shall not include Declarant or Founder, even after 

the Turnover Date. 

"Parcel" shall mean a platted or unplatted lot, tract, unit or other subdivision of real 

property within DEL WEBB BEXLEY upon which a Home has been, or will be, constructed. 

Once improved, the term Parcel shall include all improvements thereon and appurtenances thereto. 

The term Parcel, as used herein, may include more than one Lot. 

6 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 8 of 139 
†
9774 G2631 

OR BK 

"Party Wall" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.8 hereof. 

"Perimeter Walls/Fences" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.10 hereof. 

"Permit" shall collectively mean Permit No. 43013740.017, as amended or modified, 

issued by SWF WMD, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4, as amended from time to 

time. 

"Person" shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, business trust, estate, a 

trustee, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, 

government subdivision or agency, or any other legal or commercial entity. 

"Phase 1 Property" shall mean the real property described on Exhibit 1 attached hereto. 

"Plat" shall mean any plat of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY filed in the Public 

Records, from time to time, including, without limitation, the plat of the Phase I Property (the 

"Phase 1 Plat"). This defmition shall be automatically amended to include the plat of any 

additional phase of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as such phase is added to this Declaration, or any replat 

of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

"Public Records" shall mean the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida. 

"Qualified Occupant" shall mean any person (i) twenty-two (22) years of age or older 

who Occupies a Home and was the original Occupant following purchase of the Home from the 

Declarant; or (ii) a person twenty-two (22) years of age or older who Occupies a Home with an 

Age-Qualified Occupant. 

"Recreational Facilities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2 hereof. 

"Reserves" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.2.4 hereof. 

"Resident" shall mean each individual who resides in any Home. 

"Rules and Regulations" shall mean the Rules and Regulations governing DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY as adopted by the Declarant prior to Turnover, or the Board thereafter, from time to time. 

The Rules and Regulations Inay be incorporated in the Architectural Guidelines or may be adopted 

separately by the Declarant or the Board, as applicable, subject to the terms of this Declaration. 

The adoption of Rules and Regulations, and any amendments thereto from time to time, shall 

require Founder's prior written consent (or waiver of same) pursuant to Section 28 below. 

"Single Family" shall tnean a gl'oup of one or more persons each related to the other by 

blood, marriage or legal adoption, or a group of not mol'e than three (3) persons not all so related, 

who maintain a common household in a Home. 

"Special Assessments" shall mean those Assessments more particularly described as 

Special Assessments in Section 17.2.2 hereof. 

7 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 9 of 139 
†
9774 G2632 

OR BK 

"Supplemental Declaration" shall mean and refer to an instrument filed in the Public 

Records pursuant to Section 5.1 which subjects additional property to this Declaration, creates 

additional classes of members, and/or imposes, expressly or by reference, additional restrictions 

and obligations on the land described in such instrument. Subject to Section 28 below, the 

Declarant may, by Supplemental Declaration, create additional classes of membership for the 

Owners of any additional property made subject to this Declaration pursuant to Section 5.1, with 

such rights, privileges and obligations as may be specified in such Supplemental Declaration, in 

recognition of the different character and intended use of the property subject to such Supplemental 

Declaration. 

"Surface Water Management System" or "SWMS" shall mean the collection of devices, 

improvements, or natural systems whereby surface waters are controlled, impounded or 

obstructed. This term includes, without limitation, exflltration trenches, mitigation areas, lakes, 

wet and dry retention and detention areas, water management areas, ditches, culverts, structures, 

dams, impoundments, reservoirs, ponds, swales, wetlands and any associated buffer areas, wetland 

mitigation areas, water control structures, inlets, floodplain compensation areas, drainage 

maintenance easements and those works defined in Section 373.403, Florida Statutes. The DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY Surface Water Management System includes those works authorized by 

SWF WMD pursuant to the Permit. 

"SWFWMD" shall mean the Southwest Florida Water Management District. 

"Telecommunications Provider" shall mean any party contracting with the Association 

to provide Owners with one or more Telecommunications Services. With respect to any particular 

Telecommunications Services, there may be one or more Telecommunications Providers. 

"Telecommunications Services" shall mean delivered entertainment services; all services 

that are typically and in the future identified as telecommunication services; cable television 

services; and data transmission services. Without limiting the foregoing, such 

Telecommunications Services include the development, promotion, marketing, advertisement, 

provision, distribution, maintenance, transmission, and servicing of any of the foregoing services. 

The term Telecommunications Services is to be construed as broadly as possible. 

"Title Documents" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24.8 hereof. 

"Tract" shall mean and refer to any parcel, tract, unit or other subdivision of real property 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY that is not contemplated to be improved with the construction of a 

Home. 

"Turnover" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3.1.2 hereof. 

Turnover Date" shall mean the date on which Turnover (the transition of control of the 

Association from Declarant to Owners) occurs. 

"Use Fees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 17.2.3 hereof. 

"Voting Interest" shall mean and refer to the appurtenant vote(s) of each Lot and/or Parcel 

located within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, which shall include the voting interests of the Declarant. 

8 

1 \ 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 10 of 139 
†
9774 G2633 

OR BK 

Plan of Development. 

9. 

Plan. The planning process for DEL WEBB BEXLEY is an ever-evolving one and 

3.1 

must remain flexible in order to be responsible to and accommodate the needs of the community. 

Sub.ject to the Title Documents, Declarant may and has the right to develop DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

and any adjacent property owned by the Declarant into residences, comprised of homes, villas, 

coach homes, townhomes, patio homes, single-family homes, estate homes, multi-family homes, 

condominiums, and other forms of residential dwellings. The existence at any point in time of 

walls, entrance features, landscape screens, or berms or other improvements or facilities (including 

Recreational Facilities) is not a guaranty or promise that such items will remain or form part of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY as finally developed. 

3.2 Governing Documents. The Governing Documents create a general plan of 

development for DEL WEBB BEXLEY that may be supplemented by additional covenants, 

restrictions and easements applicable to particular areas within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, subject to 

the terms and conditions of this Declaration. In the event of a conflict between or among the 

Governing Documents and the additional covenants or restrictions, and/or the provisions of any 

other articles of incorporation, bylaws, rules or policies, the Governing Documents shall control. 

Nothing in this Section shall preclude any Supplemental Declaration or other recorded covenants 

applicable to any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY from containing additional restrictions or 

provisions that are more restrictive than the provisions of this Declaration. All provisions of the 

Governing Documents shall apply to all Owners, and to all occupants of Homes, as well as their 

respective tenants, guests and invitees. Any Lease Agreement for a Home within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY shall provide that the Lessee and all occupants of the leased Home shall be bound by 

and comply with the terms of the Governing Documents. Specific requirements for Lessees and 

tenants are set forth in this Declaration. 

Page 11 of 139 

4. 

Amendment. 

4.1 General Restrictions on Amendments. Notwithstanding any other provision herein 

to the contrary, no amendment to this Declaration shall affect the rights of Declarant unless such 

amendment receives the prior written consent of Declarant, which consent may be withheld for 

any reason whatsoever. No amendment shall alter the provisions of this Declaration regarding the 

specific rights and obligations of Lenders without the prior approval of the Lender(s) enjoying the 

benefit of such provisions. If the prior written approval of any governmental entity or agency 

having jurisdiction is required by applicable law or governmental regulation or land use or 

development condition of approval affecting DEL WEBB BEXLEY for any amendment to this 

Declaration, then the prior written consent of such entity or agency must also be obtained. All 

amendments affecting the S W MS or any Conservation Areas must comply with Section 25.2 

which benefits SWF WMD. No amendment shall be effective until it is recorded in the Public 

Records. 

4.2 No Vested Riohts. Each Owner by acceptance of a deed to a Home irrevocably 

waives any claim that such Owner has any vested rights pursuant to case law or statute with respect 

to this Declaration or any of the other Governing Documents, except as expressly provided by 

applicable law as it exists on the date this Declaration is recorded. 

9 

003881 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2634 

OR BK 

4.3 Amendments Prior to the Turnover. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant shall have the 

right to amend this Declaration as it deems appropriate, without the joinder or consent of any 

person or entity whatsoever, except as expressly limited by applicable law as it exists on the date 

this Declaration is recorded or except as expressly set forth herein. Such amendments may include, 

without limitation (i) the creation of easements for telecommunications systems, utility, drainage, 

ingress and egress and roof overhangs over any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY; (ii) additions or 

deletions from DEL WEBB BEXLEY and/or the properties comprising the Common Areas; (iii) 

changes in the Rules and Regulations; (iv) changes in maintenance, repair and replacement 

obligations; and (v) modifications of the use restrictions for Homes. Declarant's rights to amend 

under this provision are to be construed as broadly as possible. By way of example, and not as a 

limitation, Declarant may create easements over, under and across Lots conveyed to Owners 

provided that such easements do not materially and adversely impact the use of Homes on such 

Lots as residential dwellings. In the event the Association shall desire to amend this Declaration 

prior to the Turnover, the Association must first obtain Declarant's prior written consent to any 

proposed amendment, which can be withheld in Declarant's sole discretion. Thereafter, an 

amendment identical to that approved by Declarant may be adopted by the Association pursuant 

to the requirements for amendments from and after the Turnover. Declarant shall join in such 

identical amendment so that its consent to the same will be reflected in the Public Records. To the 

extent legally required, each Owner shall be deemed to have granted to Declarant and, thereafter, 

the Association an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, for the purposes herein 

expressed. 

4.4 Amendments From and After the Turnover. After the Turnover, but subject to the 

general and specific restrictions on amendments set forth herein, this Declaration may be amended 

with the approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (51 of the Voting 

Interests present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of the members of the 

Association at which there is a quorum. 

4.5 Compliance with HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA and SWFWMD. 

Notwithstanding any provision of this Declaration to the contrary, prior to the Turnover, the 

Declarant shall have the right to amend this Declaration, from time to time, to make such changes, 

modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested or required by HUD, FHA, 

VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD, or any other governmental agency or body as a condition to, or 

in connection with, such agency's or body's regulatory requirements or agreement to make, 

purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by mortgages on Lots. No 

approval or joinder of the Association, other Owners, or any other party shall be required or 

necessary to such amendment. After the Turnover, but subject to the general restrictions on 

amendments set forth above, the Board shall have the right to amend this Declaration, from time 

to time, to make such changes, modifications and additions therein and thereto as may be requested 

or required by HUD, FHA, VA, FNMA, GNMA, SWFWMD or any other governmental agency 

or body as a condition to, or in connection with such agency's or body's regulatory requirements 

or agreement to make, purchase, accept, insure, guaranty or otherwise approve loans secured by 

mortgages on Lots. No approval or joinder of the Owners, or any other party shall be required or 

necessary to any such amendments by the Board. 

4.6 Additional Restriction on Amendments. Notwithstanding any provision of this 

Declaration to the contrary, this Declaration Inay not be amended (i) to permit any person under 

10 

003881 786.v7 

Page 12 of 139 
†
9774 G2635 

OR BK 

the age of nineteen (19) to Occupy a Home or (ii) in any other manner which would (a) result in 

the Community no longer being in compliance with the Act or (b) impact the Community's ability 

to comply with the requirements of the Act for the purpose of maintaining the age restrictions set 

forth in Section 16.1 hereof. In addition, all amendments to this Declaration must be approved (or 

be deemed approved) by Founder pursuant to Section 28 below. 

Page 13 of 139 

5. 

Annexation and Withdrawal. 

5. I Annexation by Declarant. Prior to the Community Completion Date, additional 

lands may be made part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant. Except for applicable 

governmental approvals (if any), and the consent of Founder for annexation of property other than 

the Additional Property as provided in Section 28.7 below, no other consent to such annexation 

shall be required from any other party (including, but not limited to, the Association, Owners or 

any Lenders). Such annexed lands shall be brought within the provisions and applicability of this 

Declaration by the recording of a Supplemental Declaration to this Declaration in the Public 

Records. The Supplemental Declaration shall subject the annexed lands to the covenants, 

conditions, and restrictions contained in this Declaration as fully as though the annexed lands were 

described herein as a portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY at the time of execution and recordation of 

this Declaration. Such Supplemental Declaration may contain additions to, modifications of, or 

omissions from the covenants, conditions, and restrictions contained in this Declaration as deemed 

appropriate by Declarant and as may be necessary to reflect the different character, if any, of the 

annexed lands. Except as otherwise provided herein, prior to the Community Completion Date, 

only Declarant may add additional lands to DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

5.2 Annexation by the Association. After the Community Completion Date, subject to 

applicable governmental approvals (if any) required for same, and the consent of Founder for 

annexation of property other than the Additional Property as provided in Section 28.7 below, 

additional lands may be annexed with the approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one 

percent (51 %) of the Voting Interests present (in person or by proxy) at a duly noticed meeting of 

the members of the Association at which there is a quorum. 

5.3 Annexation by Founder. Founder may annex any portion or all of the Additional 

Property as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to Section 28.10 below. 

5.4 Withdrawal. Prior to the Community Completion Date, Declarant may withdraw 

from the provisions and applicability of this Declaration any portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

(or any additions thereto), subject to Founder's prior written consent (or waiver of same) pursuant 

to Section 28 below, by the recording of an amendment to this Declaration in the Public Records, 

which amendment shall require the joinder and consent of any owner of record title to such lands 

being withdrawn, if other than Declarant. The right of Declarant to withdraw portions of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY shall not apply to any Lot that has been conveyed to an Owner unless that right 

is specifically reserved in the instrument of conveyance or the prior written consent of the Owner 

is obtained. Except as provided above, the withdrawal of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

shall not require the consent or joinder of any other party (including without limitation, the 

Association, Owners, or any Lenders). Association shall have no right to withdraw land from DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. 

Il 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2636 

OR BK 

5.5 Effect of Filing Supplemental Declaration. Subject to Section 28 below, any 

Supplemental Declaration filed pursuant to this Section 5 shall be effective upon recording in the 

Public Records, unless otherwise specified in such Supplemental Declaration. On the effective 

date of the Supplemental Declaration, any additional property subjected to this Declaration shall 

be assigned voting rights in the Association and Assessment liability in accordance with the 

provisions of the Supplemental Declaration and this Declaration. 

Page 14 of 139 

6. 

Dissolution. 

6.1 Generally. The Association shall exist in perpetuity. Notwithstanding the 

preceding sentence, in the event of the dissolution of the Association other than incident to a 

merger or consolidation, any member may petition the Circuit Court having jurisdiction of the 

Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida for the appointment of a receiver to manage its affairs of the 

dissolved Association and to manage the Common Areas in the place and stead of the Association, 

and to make such provisions as may be necessary for the continued management of the affairs of 

the dissolved Association and its properties. In the event of termination, dissolution or fmal 

liquidation of the Association and the CDD does not own and operate the S W MS, ownership of 

the portion of the S W MS owned by the Association and the responsibility for the operation and 

maintenance of such portion of the S W MS must be transferred to and accepted by an entity in 

accordance with the rules and regulations of the SWF WMD and any such transfer and acceptance 

must be approved in writing by the SWF WMD prior to such termination, dissolution or liquidation. 

6.2 Applicability of Declaration after Dissolution. In the event of dissolution of the 

Association, DEL WEBB BEXLEY and each Lot therein shall continue to be subject to the 

provisions of this Declaration, including without limitation, the provisions respecting Assessments 

specified in this Declaration. Each Owner shall continue to be personally obligated to the 

successors or assigns of the Association for Assessments to the extent that Assessments are 

required to enable the successors or assigns of the Association to properly maintain, operate and 

preserve the Common Areas. The provisions of this Section only shall apply with regard to the 

maintenance, operation, and preservation of those portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY that had been 

Common Areas and continue to be so used for the common use and enjoyment of the Owners. 

Binding Effect and Membership. 

7.1 Term. Subject to Section 28 below and the Declarant's right to amend this 

Declaration prior to Turnover and the Association's right to amend this Declaration after Turnover, 

the covenants, conditions and restrictions of this Declaration shall run with and bind the land and 

shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Association, or the owner of any land subject 

to this Declaration, their respective legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns, for a term 

of twenty-five (25) years from the date this I)eclaration is recorded in the Public Records, after 

which time the covenants, conditions and restrictions contained in this Declaration shall be 

automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10) years unless prior to the end of such 

twenty-five (25) year period, or each successive ten (10) year period, an instrument signed by 

eighty percent (80%) of the total Voting Interests agreeing to terminate this Declaration has been 

recorded in the Public Records. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, prior to any such 

termination of the Declaration, ownership of the portion of the S W MS owned by the Association, 

if any, and the responsibility for the operation and maintenance of the S W MS, to the extent the 

12 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 
†
9774 G2637 

OR BK 

SWMS is not operated and maintained by the CDD, must be transferred to and accepted by an 

entity in accordance with the rules and regulations of SWF WMD and any such transfer and 

acceptance must be approved in writing by SWF WMD. Provided, however, that no such 

agreement to terminate the covenants, conditions and restrictions shall be effective unless made 

and recorded at least ninety (90) days in advance of the effective date of such change. 

7.2 Transfer. The transfer of the fee simple title to a Home or Lot, whether voluntary 

or by operation of law, terminating an Owner's title to that Home or Lot, shall terminate the 

Owner's rights to use and enjoy the Common Areas and shall terminate such Owner's membership 

in the Association. An Owner's rights and privileges under this Declaration are not assignable 

separately from a Lot. The record title owner of a Lot is entitled to the benefits of, and is burdened 

with the duties and responsibilities set forth in the provisions of this Declaration. All parties 

acquiring any right, title and interest in and to any Lot shall be fully bound by the provisions of 

this Declaration. In no event shall any Owner acquire any rights that are greater than the rights 

granted to, and limitations placed upon its predecessor in title pursuant to the provisions of this 

Declaration. The transferor of any Lot shall remain jointly and severally liable with the transferee 

for all obligations pursuant to this Declaration that accrue prior to the date of such transfer, 

including without limitation, payment of all Assessments accruing prior to the date of transfer. 

7.3 Membership and Voting Rights. 

7.3. I In addition to the Declarant, upon acceptance of title to a Lot, and as more 

fully provided in the Articles and Bylaws, each Owner shall be a member of the 

Association. Membership rights are governed by the provisions of this Declaration, the 

Articles and Bylaws. Membership shall be an appurtenance to and may not be separated 

from the ownership of a Lot. Declarant rights with respect to membership in the 

Association are set forth in this Declaration, the Articles and Bylaws. The Association 

shall have the following two (2) classes of voting membership: 

7.3.1.1 Class A Members. Class A members shall be all Owners. Each 

Class A member shall be entitled to one (l) vote for each Lot owned. When more 

than one person holds an interest in any Lot as an "Owner," all such persons shall 

be members. The vote for such Lot shall be exercised as such persons determine, 

but in no event shall more than one (1) vote be cast with respect to any Lot. 

7.3. I .2 Class B Members. Declarant shall be the Class B member and shall 

be entitled to nine (9) votes for each Lot owned; provided, however, as to land 

which is annexed 01' added pursuant to the terms of this Declaration or any Parcel 

designated as a Future Development Tract (or similar term) or set aside for future 

development under the Plat, Declarant shall be entitled to fourteen (14) votes per 

acre or fraction thereof contained within such Parcel owned by Declarant, until such 

time as the Parcel is platted into Lots, whereupon Declarant shall be entitled to nine 

(9) votes per Lot in lieu of the votes per acre. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from 

and after the Turnover Date, the Declarant shall be entitled to one (l) vote for each 

Lot owned. "Turnover" shall mean the transfer of control and operation of the 

Association by the Declarant to Owners. The Turnover of the Association by the 

Declarant shall occur on the Turnover Date at the Turnover meeting. At the 

13 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 15 of 139 
†
9774 G2638 

OR BK 

Turnover meeting, Owners shall elect a majority of the Directors. No more than 

sixty (60) days and no less than thirty (30) days prior to the Turnover meeting, the 

Association shall notify in writing all Class A members of the date, location, and 

purpose of the Turnover meeting. The Turnover shall take place within three (3) 

months of the occurrence of the following events, whichever occurs earliest: 

Page 16 of 139 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

When ninety percent (90%) of the Lots ultimately planned for DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY are conveyed to Owners; or 

When the Declarant makes the election, in its sole and absolute discretion, 

to give written notice to the Association of its decision to cause the Turnover 

to occur; or 

as otherwise required under the Florida Statutes. 

7.3.1.3 Declarant Election of Director. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 

from and after Turnover, for so long as Declarant holds at least five percent (5%) 

of the total number of Lots planned for DEL WEBB BEXLEY out for sale, 

Declarant, at Declarant's sole option, may elect one (1) member of the Board. 

Nothing herein shall require Declarant to elect or place any members on the Board 

after Turnover. 

7.4 In the event that an Owner is other than a natural person, that 

Owner shall, prior to occupancy of the Home, designate one or more persons who are to be the 

occupants of the Home and register such persons with the Association. All provisions of this 

Declaration and other Governing Documents shall apply to both such Owner and the designated 

occupants. 

7.5 Voting Interests. Voting Interests in the Association are governed by this 

Declaration, the Articles and Bylaws. 

7.6 Document Recordation Prohibited. Neither the Association nor any Owner, nor 

group of Owners, may record any documents that, in any way, affect or restrict the rights of 

Declarant or conflict with the provisions of this Declaration or the other Governing Documents. 

7.7 Conflicts. In the event of any conflict among this Declaration, the Articles, the 

Bylaws or any of the other Governing Documents, this Declaration shall control. 

Paramount Richt of Declarant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, prior to 

8. 

the Community Completion Date, Declarant shall have the paramount right to dedicate, transfer, 

and/or convey (by absolute conveyance, easement, or otherwise) portions of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY for various public purposes or for the provision of telecommunications systems, or to 

make any portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY part of the Common Areas, or to create and implement 

a special taxing district which may include all or any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. SALES 

BROCHURES, SITE PLANS, AND MARKETING MATERIALS ARE CURRENT 

CONCEPTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AS TO WHAT IMPROVEMENTS, IF ANY, WILL BE 

INCLUDED WITHIN THE COMMON AREAS. DECLARANT SPECIFICALLY RESERVES 

THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE LAYOUT, COMPOSITION, AND DESIGN OF ANY AND 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2639 

OR BK 

ALL COMMON AREAS, INCLUDING RECREATIONAL FACILITIES, OR TO MODIFY, 

RELOCATE OR ELIMINATE COMMON AREAS OR RECREATIONAL FACILITIES AT ANY 

TIME, WITHOUT NOTICE AND AT ITS DISCRETION. 

Common Areas. Common Areas shall include, without limitation, (i) Tracts dedicated or 

9. 

contemplated to be dedicated to the Association as depicted on the Plat, (ii) Tracts conveyed to the 

Association by separate instrument and (iii) all easements in favor of the Association created by 

the Plat, under this Declaration or by separate instrument recorded in the Public Records, and such 

tracts and easements are hereby dedicated and granted to the Association. 

Prior to Conveyance. Prior to the conveyance of the Common Areas to the 

9.1 

Association as set forth in Section 9.4 herein, any portion of the Common Areas owned by 

Declarant shall be operated, maintained, and administered at the sole cost of the Association for 

all purposes and uses reasonably intended, as Declarant in its sole discretion deems appropriate. 

During such period, Declarant shall own, operate, and administer the Common Areas without 

interference from any Owner or any other person or entity whatsoever. Owners shall have no right 

in or to any Common Areas referred to in this Declaration unless and until same are actually 

constructed, completed, and conveyed to the Association. The current conceptual plans and/or 

representations, if any, regarding the composition of the Common Areas are not a guarantee of the 

final composition of the Common Areas. No party should rely upon any statement contained 

herein as a representation or warranty as to the extent of the Common Areas to be constructed by 

Declarant and owned and operated by the Association as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Declarant, 

so long as it controls Association, further specifically retains the right to add to, delete from, or 

modify any of the Common Areas referred to herein at its discretion without notice. It is 

anticipated by the Declarant that many of the facilities to be constructed within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY for the common use and enjoyment of all Owners including, without limitation the 

S W MS and Conservation Easement Property, will be owned by the CDD or located within an 

easement granted to the CDD and will be operated, maintained and managed by the CDD. 

9.2 Construction of Common Areas Improvements. Declarant anticipates it will 

construct, at its sole cost and expense, certain improvements as part of the Common Areas as 

Declarant determines in its sole discretion, which may include, without limitation, a community 

recreational center with pool, clubhouse, tennis courts, fitness center, meeting rooms, cafÈ, 

restaurant and bar (together the "Community Amenity"), a dog park, passive parks and other 

recreational facilities for the use and benefit of Owners, Lessees and their Immediate Family 

Members and guests (collectively, the "Recreational Facilities"). Declarant shall be the sole 

judge of the composition of any Common Area improvements comprising the Recreational 

Facilities. Prior to the Community Completion Date, Declarant reserves the absolute right to 

construct additional Common Area improvements (including Recreational Facilities) within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY, from time to time, in its sole discretion, and to remove, add to, modify and 

change the boundaries, facilities and improvements now or then part of the Common Areas 

(including Recreational Facilities). Declarant is not obligated to, nor has it represented that it will 

construct any Common Area improvements or Recreational Facilities. Declarant is the sole judge 

of the Common Area improvements and Recreational Facilities, including the plans, specifications, 

design, location, completion schedule, materials, size, and contents of the facilities, improvements, 

appurtenances, personal property (e.g., furniture), color, textures, finishes or changes or 

modifications to any of them. 

15 

003881 1 1786.v7 

Page 17 of 139 
†
9774 G2640 

OR BK 

9.3 Use of Common Areas by Declarant. Until the Community Completion Date, 

Declarant shall have the right to use any portion of the Common Areas, without charge, for any 

purpose deemed appropriate by Declarant. 

9.4 Conveyance. 

9.4. I Ogug!aJJy. The Common Areas may be designated by the Plat or in this 

Declaration, created in the form of easements, or conveyed to the Association by quitclaim 

deed or other instrument of conveyance as determined by the Declarant in its sole and 

absolute discretion. Association shall pay all costs of the conveyance at the Declarant's 

request. The designation of Common Areas, creation by easement, or conveyance shall be 

subject to easements, restrictions, reservations, conditions, limitations, and declarations of 

record, real estate taxes for the year of conveyance, zoning, land use regulations and survey 

matters. Association shall be deemed to have assumed and agreed to pay all continuing 

obligations and service and similar contracts relating to the ownership operation, 

maintenance, and administration of the conveyed portions of Common Areas and other 

obligations relating to the Common Areas imposed herein, and Association shall, and does 

hereby, indemnify and hold Declarant and the Declarant Indemnified Parties harmless on 

account thereof. Association, by its joinder to this Declaration, hereby accepts such 

dedication(s) or conveyance(s) without setoff, condition, or qualification of any nature. 

Association shall accept any and all transfer of permits from Declarant or any other 

permittee, of any permit required by a governmental agency in connection with the 

development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including, without limitation, the Permit, as 

modified and/or amended. Association shall cooperate with Declarant or any other 

permittee of such permits, as modified and/or amended, with any applications, 

certifications, documents or consents required to effectuate any such transfer of permits to 

the Association. THE COMMON AREAS, PERSONAL PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

THEREON AND APPURTENANCES THERETO SHALL BE CONVEYED TO THE 

ASSOCIATION IN "AS IS, WHERE IS" CONDITION WITHOUT ANY 

REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, IN FACT OR BY 

LAW, AS TO THE CONDITION, FITNESS OR MERCHANTABILITY OF SUCH 

COMMON AREAS PERSONAL PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT AND APPURTENANCES 

BEING CONVEYED. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such conveyance or 

encumbrance of such Common Areas is subject to an irrevocable ingress and egress 

easement in favor of each Owner granting access to their respective Lots. 

9.4.2 Common Area Reservations. Each deed of the Common Areas shall be 

subject to the following provisions: 

9.4.2.1 a perpetual nonexclusive easement in favor of governmental 

agencies for the maintenance and repair of existing road, speed and directional 

signs, if any; 

9.4.2.2 matters reflected on the Plat; 

9.4.2.3 perpetual non-exclusive easements in favor of Declarant and its 

successors and assigns in, to, upon and over all of the Common Areas for the 

16 

0038811\] 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 18 of 139 
†
9774 G2641 

OR BK 

purposes of vehicular and pedestrian ingress and egress, installation of 

improvements, utilities, landscaping and/or drainage, without charge, including, 

without limitation, the right to use such roadways for construction vehicles and 

equipment. These easements shall run in favor of Declarant and its employees, 

representatives, agents, licensees, guests, invitees, successors and/or assigns; 

9.4.2.4 the terms and conditions of the CDD Documents, this Declaration 

and all other restrictions, easements, covenants and other matters of record; 

9.4.2.5 in the event that Association believes that Declarant shall have failed 

in any respect to meet Declarant's obligations under this Declaration or has failed 

to comply with any of Declarant's obligations under law, or the Common Areas 

conveyed herein are defective in any respect, the Association shall give written 

notice to Declarant detailing the alleged failure or defect. Once the Association has 

given written notice to Declarant pursuant to this Section, the Association shall be 

obligated to permit Declarant and its agents to perform inspections of the Common 

Areas and to perform all tests and make all repairs/replacements deemed necessary 

by Declarant to respond to such notice at all reasonable times. Association agrees 

that any inspection, test and/or repair/replacement scheduled on a business day 

between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. shall be deemed scheduled at a reasonable time. The 

rights reserved in this Section include the right of Declarant to repair or address, in 

Declarant's sole option and expense, any aspect of the Common Areas deemed 

defective by Declarant during its inspections of the Common Areas. Association 

acknowledges and agrees that Association's failure to give the notice and/or 

otherwise comply with the provisions of this Section will irretrievably damage 

Declarant; and 

9.4.2.6 a reservation of right in favor of Declarant (so long as Declarant 

owns any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY) to require that Association re-convey 

all or a portion of the Common Areas by quitclaim deed in favor of Declarant in the 

event that such property is required to be owned by Declarant for any purpose, 

including without limitation, the reconfiguration of any adjacent property by 

replatting or otherwise. To the extent legally required, Association shall be deemed 

to have granted to Declarant an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an 

interest, for the purposes herein expressed. 

9.5 0 eration After Conve ance. Subject to the Association's right to grant easements 

and other interests as provided herein, and subject to the approval rights of the SWF WMD and the 

County under Section 25.1.7 below with respect to Common Areas containing or affecting the 

S W MS, the Association may not convey, abandon, alienate, encumber, or transfer all or a portion 

of the Common Areas to a third party without (i) if prior to the Turnover, (a) the approval of a 

majority of the Board; and (b) the written consent of Declarant, or (ii) from and after the Turnover, 

approval of (x) a majority of the Board; and (y) fifty-one percent (51%) of the Voting Interests 

present (in person or by proxy) at a duly called meeting of the members. 

Paved Common Areas. The Common Areas may contain certain paved areas. 

9.6 

Without limiting any other provision of this Declaration, the Association is responsible for the 

17 

003881 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 19 of 139 
†
9774 G2642 

OR BK 

maintenance, repair and/or resurfacing of all paved surfaces, including but not limited to streets, 

alleyways, driveways, parking areas, pathways, bicycle paths, and sidewalks forming a part of the 

Common Areas, if any. Although pavenlent appears to be a durable material, it requires 

maintenance. Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to arrange for a periodic 

inspection of all paved surfaces forming a part of the Common Areas by a licensed paving 

contractor and/or engineer. The cost of such inspection shall be a part of the Operating Expenses 

of the Association. The Association shall determine periodically the parameters of the inspection 

to be performed, if any. Any patching, grading, or other maintenance work should be performed 

by a company licensed to perform the work and shall be an Operating Expense of the Association. 

9.7 Delegation. Once conveyed to the Association, the Common Areas and 

improvements located thereon shall at all times be under the complete supervision, operation, 

control, and management of the Association. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Association may 

delegate all or a portion of its obligations hereunder to a licensed manager or professional 

management company. Association specifically shall have the right to pay for management 

services on any basis approved by the Board (including bonuses or special fee arrangements for 

meeting financial or other goals). Declarant, its affiliates and/or subsidiaries shall have the right 

and option to manage Association at all times prior to Turnover. Owners and Association 

acknowledge that it is fair and reasonable to have Declarant, its affiliates and/or subsidiaries 

manage the Association prior to Turnover. Further, in the event that Common Area is created by 

easement, Association's obligations and rights with respect to such Common Area may be limited 

by the terms of the document creating such easement. 

9.8 Use. 

9.8. I Nonexclusive Use. Except as provided herein, the Common Areas shall be 

used and enjoyed by the Owners on a non-exclusive basis in common with other persons, 

entities and corporations (who may, but are not required to be, members of the Association) 

entitled to use those portions of the Common Areas subject to the Rules and Regulations 

applicable with respect to same. Prior to the Community Completion Date, Declarant, and 

thereafter, Association has the right, at any and all times, and from time to time, to further 

additionally provide and make the Common Areas available to other individuals, persons, 

firms, or corporations, as it deems appropriate. The granting of such rights shall not 

invalidate this Declaration, reduce or abate any Owner's obligations pursuant to this 

Declaration, or give any Owner the right to avoid any of the covenants, agreements or 

obligations to be performed hereunder. 

9.8.2 Right to Allow Use. Declarant and/or the Association may enter into 

easement agreements or other use or possession agreements whereby the Owners, 

Telecommunications Providers, and/or Association and/or others may obtain the use, 

possession of, or other rights regarding certain property, on an exclusive or non-exclusive 

basis, for certain specified purposes. Association may agree to maintain and pay the taxes, 

insurance, administration, upkeep, repair, and replacement of such property, the expenses 

of which shall be Operating Expenses. Any such agreement by the Association prior to the 

Community Completion Date shall require the prior written consent of Declarant. 

Thereafter, any such agreement shall require the approval of the majority of the Board, 

which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

18 

003881 

Page 20 of 139 
†
9774 G2643 

OR BK 

9.8.3 Water Levels of Wet and Dry Retention Areas and Lakes. NEITHER THE 

DECLARANT NOR THE ASSOCIATION MAKE ANY REPRESENTAFION 

CONCERNING THE CURRENT OR FUTURE WATER LEVELS IN ANY OF THE 

WET OR DRY RETENTION AREAS OR ANY LAKES WITHIN, ADJACENT TO OR 

AROUND DEL WEBB BEXLEYï, PROVIDED, FURTHER, NEITHER THE 

DECLARANT NOR THE ASSOCIATION BEAR ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO 

ATTEMPT rro ADJUST OR MODIFY THE WATER LEVELS SINCE SUCH LEVELS 

ARE SUBJECT TO SEASONAL GROUNDWATER AND RAINFALL 

FLUCTUATIONS THAT ARE BEYOND THE CONTROL OF THE DECLARANT AND 

THE ASSOCIATION. BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO A HOME OR LOT, EACH 

OWNER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE WATER LEVELS OF ALL SUCH WET OR 

DRY RETENTION AREAS AND LAKES MAY VARY. THERE IS NO GUARANTEE 

BY DECLARANT OR ASSOCIATION THAT WATER LEVELS WILL BE CONSTANT 

OR AESTHETICALLY PLEASING AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME; AT TIMES, WATER 

LEVELS MAY BE NONEXISTENT. DECLARANT AND THE ASSOCIATION SHALL 

NOT BE OBLIGATED TO ERECT FENCES, GATES, OR WALLS AROUND OR 

ADJACENT TO ANY WET OR DRY RETENTION AREAS OR LAKES WITHIN, 

ADJACENT TO OR AROUND DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

9.8.4 Obstruction of Common Areas. No portion of the Common Areas may be 

obstructed, encumbered, or used by Owners for any purpose other than as permitted by the 

Association. 

9.8.5 Assumption of Risk. Without limiting any other provision herein, (a) each 

Owner, for themselves, their Lessees and for the Immediate Family Members, Guests and 

invitees of such Owner or their Lessees, and (b) each member of the general public 

accessing or using any Common Areas or CDD Facilities (regardless of whether such 

access or use is permitted under this Declaration or otherwise), accepts and assumes all 

risk and responsibility for noise, liability, injury, or damage connected with use or 

occupancy of any portion of such Common Areas or CDD Facilities including, without 

limitation: (i) noise from maintenance equipment; (ii) use of pesticides, herbicides and 

fertilizers; (iii) view restrictions and impairment caused by the construction of any 

structures and/or the maturation of trees and shrubbery; (iv) reduction in privacy caused by 

the removal or pruning of shrubbery or trees within DEL WEBB BEXLEYï, and (v) design 

of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Each such person also expressly indemnifies and 

agrees to hold harmless the Indemnified Parties from any and all losses, liabilities, costs, 

damages and expenses, whether direct or consequential, arising from or related to the 

person's use of the Common Areas or CDD Facilities, including for attorneys' fees, 

paraprofessional fees and costs before trial, at trial and upon appeal. Without limiting the 

foregoing, all persons using the Common Areas or CDD Facilities, including, without 

limitation, all wet and dry retention areas, lakes or areas adjacent to any water body, do so 

at their own risk. Nothing herein shall be deemed to grant any such Owner, family member, 

guest, tenant, invitee or member of the general public any rights of access to or use of any 

such wet or dry retention area, lake or water body unless such right is expressly granted by 

this Declaration, the Association or the CDD, and all such access and use shall be subject 

to the Rules and Regulations applicable with respect to same. BY ACCEPTANCE OF A 

DEED, EACH OWNER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE COMMON AREAS AND CDD 

19 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 21 of 139 
†
9774 

OR BK 

G 2644 

Page 22 of 139 

FACILITIES MAY CONTAIN WILDLIFE SUCH AS INSECTS, ALLIGATORS, 

COYOTES, RACCOONS, SNAKES, DUCKS, DEER, SWINE, TURKEYS, BEARS 

AND FOXES. DECLARANT, THE CDD AND THE ASSOCIATION SHALL HAVE NO 

RESPONSIBILITY FOR MONITORING SUCH WILDLIFE OR NOTIFYING 

OWNERS OR OTHER PERSONS OF THE PRESENCE OF SUCH WILDLIFE. EACH 

OWNER OR LESSEES AND HIS OR HER IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS, 

GUESTS AND INVITEES ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THEIR OWN SAFETY. 

9.8.6 Owners' Obli ation to Indemnif . Each Owner agrees to indemnify and 

hold harmless the Indemnified Parties against all actions, injury, claims, loss, liability, 

damages, costs and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever ("Losses") incurred by or 

asserted against any of the Indemnified Parties from and after the date hereof, whether 

direct, indirect, or consequential, as a result of or in any way related to the Common Areas, 

including, without limitation, use of the wet and dry retention areas and lakes within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY by Owners and Lessees, and their Immediate Family Members, guests, 

invitees, or agents. Should any Owner bring suit against Declarant, the Association, the 

CDD or any of the Indemnified Parties for any claim or matter and fail to obtain judgment 

therein against such Indemnified Parties, such Owner shall be liable to such parties for all 

Losses, costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnified Parties in the defense of such suit, 

including attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees before trial, at trial and upon appeal. 

9.9 Rules and Regulations. 

9.9. I q_guualJy. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant, and thereafter Association, 

shall have the right to adopt Rules and Regulations governing the use of the Common 

Areas. The Rules and Regulations need not be recorded in the Public Records. The 

Common Areas shall be used in accordance with this Declaration and Rules and 

Regulations promulgated hereunder. 

9.9.2 Declarant Not Subïect to Rules and Re ulations. The Rules and 

Regulations shall not apply to Declarant or to any property owned by Declarant, and shall 

not be applied in a manner which would adversely affect the interests of Declarant. Without 

limiting the foregoing, Declarant and its assigns shall have the right to: (i) develop and 

construct Lots, Homes, Common Areas, and related improvements within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, and make any additions, alterations, improvements, or changes thereto; (ii) 

maintain sales offices (for the sale and re-sale of (a) Lots and 1-101nes and (b) residences 

and properties located outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY), general office and construction 

operations within DEL WEBB BEXLEYï, (iii) place, erect or construct portable, temporary 

or accessory buildings or structures within DEL WEBB BEXLEY for sales, construction, 

storage or other purposes up to the point of completion of development and sales for all 

Homes to be constructed in DEL WEBB BEXLEY; (iv) temporarily deposit, dump or 

accumulate materials, trash, refuse and rubbish in connection with the development or 

construction of any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY; (v) post, display, inscribe or affix to 

the exterior of any portion of the Common Areas, or portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

including the CDD Facilities, signs and other materials used in developing, constructing, 

selling or promoting the sale of any portion DEL WEBB BEXLEY including, without 

limitation, Lots, Parcels and Homes; (vi) excavate fill from any lakes or waterways within 

20 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2645 

OR BK 

and/or contiguous to DEL WEBB BEXLEY by dredge or dragline, store fill within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY and remove and/or sell excess fill; and grow or store plants and trees 

within, or contiguous to, DEL WEBB BEXLEY and use and/or sell excess plants and trees, 

all of which shall be incidental to Declarant's development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and 

not a separate business operation; and (vii) undertake all activities which, in the sole 

opinion of Declarant is necessary or convenient for the development and sale of any lands 

and improvements comprising DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

9.10 [Intentionally Deleted] 

9.11 Default by. Owners. No default by any Owner in the performance of the covenants 

and promises contained in this Declaration shall be construed or considered (i) a breach by 

Declarant or Association of any of their promises or covenants in this Declaration; (ii) an actual, 

implied or constructive dispossession of another Owner from the Common Areas; or (iii) an 

excuse, justification, waiver or indulgence of the covenants and promises contained in this 

Declaration. 

9.12 Special Taxing Districts. For as long as Declarant controls Association, Declarant 

shall have the right, but not the obligation, to dedicate or transfer or cause the dedication or transfer 

of all or portions of the Common Areas of DEL WEBB BEXLEY to a special taxing district, or a 

public agency or authority under such terms as Declarant deems appropriate in order to create or 

contract with special taxing districts and community development districts (or others) for lighting, 

perimeter walls, entrance features, roads, landscaping, irrigation areas, ponds, surface water 

management systems, wetlands mitigation areas, parks, recreational or other services, security or 

communications, or other similar purposes deemed appropriate by Declarant, including without 

limitation, the maintenance and/or operation of any of the foregoing. As hereinafter provided, 

Declarant may sign any taxing district petition as attorney-in-fact for each Owner. Each Owner's 

obligation to pay taxes associated with such district shall be in addition to such Owner's obligation 

to pay Assessments. Any special taxing district shall be created pursuant to all applicable 

ordinances of County and all other applicable governing entities having jurisdiction with respect 

to the same. 

In the event the County or any of its 

9.13 Driveway Repair or Replacement. 

subdivisions, agencies, and/or divisions must remove any portion of an Owner's driveway, then 

the Owner of such driveway shall be responsible to replace or repair the driveway at such Owner's 

expense, if such expenses are not paid for by the County. In the event an Owner does not comply 

with this Section 9.13, the Association may perform the necessary maintenance or replacement 

and charge the costs thereof to the non-complying Owner as an Individual Assessment. 

In the 

event that Association is the prevailing party with respect to any litigation respecting the 

enforcement of compliance with this Section 9.13, it shall be entitled to recover all of its attorneys' 

fees and paraprofessional fees, and costs, before trial, at trial and upon appeal. Each Owner grants 

the Association an easement over their Lot for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the 

requirements of this Section 9.13. 

9.14 Association's and Owners' Obli ation to Indemnif . Association and Owners each 

covenant and agree jointly and severally to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Declarant 

Indemnified Parties and CDD Indemnified Parties from and against any and all claims, suits, 

21 

003881 

Page 23 of 139 
†
9774 G2646 

OR BK 

liabilities, losses, actions, causes of action, damages or expenses arising from any personal injury, 

loss of life, or damage to property, sustained on or about the Common Areas or CDD Facilities, or 

other property serving Association, and improvements thereon, or resulting from or arising out of 

activities or operations of the Association, or Owners (and their Lessees, Immediate Family 

Members, guests and Invitees) or members of the general public, and from and against all costs, 

expenses, court costs, attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees (including, but not limited to, 

before trial and all trial and appellate levels and whether or not suit be instituted), expenses and 

liabilities incurred or arising from any such claim, the investigation thereof, or the defense of any 

action or proceedings brought thereon, and from and against any orders, judgments or decrees 

which may be entered relating thereto. The costs and expense of fulfilling this covenant of 

indemnification shall be Operating Expenses to the extent such matters are not covered by 

insurance maintained by the Association. 

9.15 Site Plans and Plats. The Plat may identify some of the Common Areas within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. The description of the Common Areas and any Recreational Facilities on the 

Plat is subject to change and the notes on the Plat are not a guarantee of what facilities will be 

constructed on such Common Areas. Site plans used by Declarant in its marketing efforts illustrate 

the types of facilities which may be constructed on the Common Areas, but such site plans are not 

a guarantee of what facilities will actually be constructed. Each Owner should not rely on the Plat 

or any site plans used for illustration purposes as the Declaration governs the rights and obligations 

of Declarant and Owners with respect to the Common Areas and any Recreational Facilities. 

9.16 Recreational Facilities. 

9.16.1 General Restrictions. Each Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member and 

other person entitled to use the Recreational Facilities shall comply with following general 

restrictions: 

Minors. Minors are permitted to use the Recreational 

9.16.1.1 

Facilities; provided, however, parents and legal guardians for such minors are 

responsible for the actions and safety of such minors and any damages caused by 

such minors. Parents and legal guardians are responsible for the actions and safety 

of such minors and any damages to the Recreational Facilities caused by such 

minors. The Association Inay adopt reasonable Rules and Regulations from time 

to time governing minors' use of the Recreational Facilities, including without 

limitation, requirements that minors be accompanied by adults while using the 

Recreational Facilities. 

Responsibility for Personal Property and Persons. Each 

9.16.1.2 

Owner assumes sole responsibility for the health, safety, welfare and actions of such 

Owner, his or her Lessees, Immediate Family Members and guests, and the personal 

property of all of the foregoing, and each Owner shall not allow any such parties to 

damage the Recreational Facilities or interfere with the rights of other Owners and 

other parties permitted to use such Recreational Facilities hereunder. Neither the 

Declarant nor the Association shall be responsible for any loss or damage to any 

private property used, placed or stored on the Recreational Facilities. Further, any 

person entel'ing the Recreational Facilities assulnes all risk of loss with respect to 

22 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 24 of 139 
†
9774 G2647 

OR BK 

his or her equipment, jewelry or other possessions, including without limitation, 

purses, backpacks, wallets, phones, portable electronic devices, books, clothing, 

sports equipment or other items left in the Recreational Facilities. 

Activities. Any Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member, 

9.16.1.3 

guest, invitee or other person who, in any manner, makes use of the Recreational 

Facilities, or who engages in any contest, game, function, exercise, competition or 

other activity operated, organized, arranged or sponsored either on or off the 

Recreational Facilities, shall do so at their own risk. Every Owner shall be liable 

for any property damage and/or personal injury at the Recreational Facilities, 

caused by any Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member, invitee or guest. No 

Owner may use the Recreational Facilities for any society, party, religious, political, 

charitable, fraternal, civil, fund-raising or other purposes without the prior written 

consent of the Association, which consent may be withheld for any reason. 

Guests and Invitees. Guests and invitees must be 

9.16.1.4 

accompanied by an Owner, Lessee or Immediate Family Member at all times when 

making use of the Recreational Facilities. 

9.16.2 Recreational Facilities Personal Pro ert . Property or furniture used in 

connection with the Recreational Facilities shall not be removed from the location in which 

it is placed or from the Recreational Facilities. 

9.16.3 Indemnification. By the use of the Recreational Facilities, each Owner, 

Lessee, Immediate Family Member, invitee and guest agrees to indemnify and hold 

harmless the Indemnified Parties against all Losses incurred by or asserted against any of 

the Indemnified Parties from and after the date hereof, whether direct, indirect, or 

consequential, as a result of or in any way related to use of the Recreational Facilities by 

Owners, Lessees, Immediate Family Members and their guests and/or from any act or 

omission of the any of the Indemnified Parties. Losses shall include the deductible payable 

under any of the Association's insurance policies. 

9.16.4 Attorney_'s Fees. Should any Owner, Lessee or Immediate Family Member, 

guest or invitee bring suit against the Indemnified Parties for any claim or matter and fail 

to obtain judgment therein against such Indemnified Parties, the Owner, Lessee, and/or 

Immediate Family Member shall be liable to such parties for all Losses, costs and expenses 

incurred by the Indemnified Parties in the defense of such suit, including attorneys' fees 

and paraprofessional fees at trial and upon appeal. 

9.16.5 Basis For Suspension. The rights of an Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family 

Member, guest, invitee or other individual to use the Recreational Facilities may be 

suspended by the Association if, in the sole judgment of the Association: 

such person is not an Owner or a Lessee or an Immediate 

9.16.5.1 

Family Member or permitted guest of an Owner or Lessee; 

23 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 25 of 139 
†
9774 G2648 

OR BK 

the Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member, guest, 

9.16.5.2 

invitee or other person for whom an Owner or Lessee is responsible violates one or 

more of the Association's Rules and Regulations; 

an Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member and/or guest 

9.16.5.3 

or invitee has injured, harmed or threatened to injure or harm any person within the 

Recreational Facilities, or harmed, destroyed or stolen any personal property within 

the Recreational Facilities, whether belonging to an Owner, third party or to the 

Page 26 of 139 

Association: or 

9.16.5.4 

an Owner fails to pay Assessments due. 

9.16.6 Types of Suspension. The Association may restrict or suspend, for cause or 

causes described herein, any Owner's privileges to use any or all of the Recreational 

Facilities. By way of example, and not as a limitation, the Association may suspend a 

Lessee's privileges to use any or all of the Recreational Facilities if such Lessee's Owner 

fails to pay Assessments due in connection with a leased Home. In addition, the 

Association may suspend the rights of a particular Owner or Lessee (and/or Immediate 

Family Member) or prohibit an Owner or Lessee (and/or Immediate Family Member) from 

using a portion of the Recreational Facilities. No Owner whose privileges have been fully 

or partially suspended shall, on account of any such restriction or suspension, be entitled 

to any refund or abatement of Assessments or any other fees. During the restriction or 

suspension, Assessments shall continue to accrue and be payable each month. Under no 

circumstance will an Owner be reinstated until all Assessments and other amounts due to 

the Association are paid in full. The Board may suspend an Owner's of Lessee's right to 

use the Recreational Facilities as a result of failure to pay Assessments without prior notice 

or a hearing. Any suspension of an Owner's or Lessee's rights to use the Recreational 

Facilities for any other reason shall be imposed after fourteen (14) days' notice to such 

Owner or Lessee and an opportunity for a hearing before a committee of the Board which 

is comprised of three (3) members who are not officers, directors, or employees of the 

Association, or the spouse, parent, child, brother, or sister of an officer, director, or 

employee of the Association, and such suspension may not be imposed without the 

approval of a majority of the members of such committee. If the Association imposes a 

suspension, the Association must provide written notice of such suspension by mail or hand 

delivery to the Owner or Lessee. 

10. Maintenance by the Association. The following provisions shall relate to all Lots and 

Homes within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

10.1 Common Areas. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Declaration to 

the contrary, the Association shall at all tinies maintain, repair, replace and insure the Common 

Areas, including all improvements placed thereon. 

10.2 Landsca in and Irrioation Maintenance. The Association shall be responsible for 

the following maintenance (together the "Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance"): 

24 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 
†
9774 G2649 

OR BK 

10.2. I operation, maintenance, repair and replacement of any irrigation equipment 

(including, without limitation, any sprinklers, pumps, wells, water lines and time clocks, 

wherever located) serving the Lots (the "Lot Irrigation System"), including water, 

reclaimed water and other utility charges, except that the Association shall have no 

responsibility for any sprinklers or other irrigation equipment installed by the Owner or 

occupant of any Lot; 

10.2.2 maintenance (including, mowing, fertilizing, watering, mulching, pruning, 

and replacing as deemed necessary by the Association in its sole discretion, and controlling 

disease and insects), of all lawns and landscaping installed on the Lots as part of the initial 

construction on the Lots, specifically excluding landscaping located within any fenced in 

or enclosed area containing a pool installed on the Lot by Declarant in connection with the 

initial construction of a home or by any Owner with ARC approval (each a "Pool 

Enclosure" and such landscaping "Pool Enclosure Landscaping"). Pool Enclosure 

Landscaping must be approved by the ARC and shall be irrigated and maintained by the 

Lot Owner at their sole cost and expense; 

10.2.3 No Owner or Lessee shall install any additional landscaping, including 

flowers, trees or shrubs, on any Lot after completion of initial construction on any Lot 

without obtaining ARC approval of same. Any such landscaping installed by an Owner 

(including prior Owners) on any Lot (the "Owner Installed Landscaping"), regardless of 

whether such Owner Installed Landscaping is permitted pursuant to this Section 10.2, shall 

be the responsibility of the Owner and not the responsibility of the Association. The 

Association may, but shall not be obligated to, irrigate, fertilize, spray for insects, mulch, 

trim or prune Owner Installed Landscaping, with the additional cost of same to be an 

additional Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot. The Association may also 

elect to discontinue irrigation and maintenance of Owner Installed Landscaping at any time 

in its sole discretion. In no event shall the Association be responsible to maintain Pool 

Enclosure Landscaping. Any (i) Owner Installed Landscaping installed or maintained on 

any Lot and (ii) any Association irrigation or maintenance of any Owner Installed 

Landscaping on any Lot shall be at such Lot Owner's sole expense and risk. The 

Association shall not be responsible for damage to, or obligated to replace any, Owner 

Installed Landscaping or Pool Enclosure Landscaping under any circumstances. Nothing 

herein shall be deemed to authorize the installation of Owner Installed Landscaping, Pool 

Enclosures or Pool Enclosure Landscaping on any Lot by any Owner without ARC 

approval of same, which can be withheld in the ARC's sole discretion. 

10.2.4 The operation and maintenance of the Lot Irrigation System shall be under 

the exclusive control of the Association and any landscaping or irrigation contractor 

retained by the Association. No Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member or other guest 

or invitee shall attempt to program, tamper with, alter or modify any Lot Irrigation System 

or the spray field or hours of operation of any Lot Irrigation System. If any portion of an 

Owner's Lot Irrigation System is malfunctioning, such Owner or their Lessee shall 

promptly notify the Association with respect to same. 

All other portions of the Lots and Homes, including any driveways, sidewalks, walkways, 

porches, patios or courtyards, shall be the responsibility of the respective Owners, including, 

25 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 27 of 139 
†
9774 G2650 

OR BK 

without limitation, maintenance, repair, and replacement, as necessary, of all pipes, lines, wires, 

conduits, or other apparatus which serve only the Lot, whether located within or outside the Lot's 

boundaries (including all utility lines and courtyard drain and associated pipes serving only the 

Lot). The cost of Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance shall be an Individual Assessment 

against each Lot pursuant to Section 17.2.6 below and shall vary based upon the size categories 

for such Lots established by the Association, but shall be uniform for all Lots within each size 

category. 

10.3 Natural Buffers. The Plat designates portions of Lots or Tracts which are subject 

to an easement for "Perimeter Natural Buffer" or similar purposes (a "Perimeter Buffer 

Easement"). No Owner or Lessee shall clear, install, remove, modify, disturb or alter any 

landscaping located within any Perimeter Buffer Easement, it being the intent that such areas 

remain in their natural vegetative state. 

10.4 Landscape Maintenance. The Association shall maintain all landscaping within any 

"Landscape Easement" "Landscape/ Wall Tract" or other portion of any Lot or Tract (a) dedicated 

to the Association for landscape purposes ("Landscape Tract") or (b) subject to a landscaping 

easement in favor of the Association (a "Landscape Easement") as designated on the Plat or by 

separate recorded easement. The Association may also irrigate and maintain landscaping within 

any CDD Tract and maintain, repair and replace any portion of the Perimeter Wall/Fence within 

any CDD Tract pursuant to a separate maintenance agreement with the CDD, and all cost of same 

shall be an Operating Expense. No Owner or Lessee shall install, remove, maintain, modify, 

disturb or alter any landscaping installed within any Landscape Easement. Except as otherwise 

provided in this Declaration, the Association shall have no responsibility for the maintenance of 

landscaped areas within any Lot, including without limitation, any Owner Installed Landscaping 

or Pool Enclosure Landscaping. Except as provided in this Declaration or to the extent expressly 

assumed by the Association or CDD, the record title owner of each such Lot shall be responsible 

for the repair, replacement and maintenance of the irrigation and all landscaped areas and other 

improvements within any portion of the Lot, including, without limitation, maintenance of the 

elevation, grade and slope of the Lot, maintenance of the portion of the S W MS located on the Lot 

and repairing any damage to sidewalks, utilities or the S W MS resulting from any trees or 

landscaping on the Lot. 

10.5 Roadways. All roadways within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be private roadways 

which shall be maintained by the Association as an Operating Expense. THE ROADWAYS 

ADJACENT OR IN PROXIMITY TO DEL WEBB BEXLEY ARE PART OF THE PUBLIC 

SYSTEM OF ROADWAYS TO BE MAINTAINED BY THE COUNTY OR CDD. EACH 

OWNER BY THE ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO THEIR LOT ACKNOWLEDGES AND 

AGREES THAT THE ASSOCIATION AND DECLARANT HAVE NO CONTROL WITH 

REGARD TO ACCESS AND USAGE OF SUCH ROADWAYS BY THE GENERAL PUBLIC 

OR MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ROADWAYS BY THE COUNTY OR CDD. 

10.6 Adjoining Areas. The CDD shall maintain those drainage areas, swales, lake 

maintenance easements, lake slopes and banks that are within the Common Areas or Lots. The 

CDD shall have an easement for ingress and egress across the Common Areas and across Lots as 

necessary for access to any such areas that are not readily accessible to the CDD through the 

Common Areas. The CDD shall be responsible for maintaining the landscaped areas adjoining 

26 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 28 of 139 
†
9774 G2651 

OR BK 

wet and dry retention areas that coinprise the S W MS dedicated to the CDI) by Plat. The 

Association may enter into an agreement with the CDD providing for the Association to maintain 

solne or all of such landscaped areas, which landscape maintenance may be done (i) at the expense 

of the CDD, (ii) as an Operating Expense of the Association or (iii) some combination of (i) and 

(ii) at the Board's sole and absolute discretion. The CDD's right to maintain any portion of the 

S W MS dedicated to the County by Plat, if any, shall be, if necessary, pursuant to a separate "Use 

Agreement" with the County. 

10.7 Repair of Damage Caused by Owners. The expense of any maintenance, repair or 

construction of any portion of the Common Areas or CDD Facilities necessitated by the negligent 

or willful acts of an Owner, or persons utilizing the Common Areas or CDD Facilities through or 

under an Owner, including Lessees, Immediate Family Members, guests and invitees, shall be 

borne solely by such Owner and the Lot owned by such Owner shall be subject to an Individual 

Assessment for that expense. By way of example, and not of limitation, an Owner shall be 

responsible for the removal of all landscaping and structures placed within easements or Common 

Areas or CDD Facilities by such Owner or their Lessees without the prior written approval of the 

Association or CDD, as applicable. 

10.8 Declarant, the CDD and the Association are granted a perpetual and 

irrevocable easement over, under and across all of DEL WEBB BEXLEY for the purposes herein 

expressed, including, without limitation, for inspections to ascertain compliance with the 

provisions of this Declaration, and for the performance of any maintenance, alteration or repair 

which they are entitled to perform. Without limiting the foregoing, Declarant specifically reserves 

easements for all purposes necessary to comply with any governmental requirement or to satisfy 

any condition that is a prerequisite for a governmental approval. By way of example, and not of 

limitation, Declarant may construct, maintain, repair, alter, replace and/or remove improvements; 

install landscaping; install utilities; and/or remove structures on any portion of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY if Declarant is required to do so in order to obtain the release of any bond posted with 

any governmental agency. 

10.9 Maintenance of Property Owned by_ Others. Association shall, if designated by 

Declarant (or by the Association after the Community Completion Date) by amendment to this 

Declaration or any document of record, maintain vegetation, landscaping, wetlands, conservation 

areas, irrigation systems, community identification/features and/or other improvements, areas or 

elements designated by Declarant (or by the Association after the Community Completion Date) 

upon areas that are within or outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Such areas may abut, or be 

proximate to, DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and may be owned by, or be dedicated to, others including, 

but not limited to, the Bexley Residential Association, CDD, a utility, governmental or quasi- 

governmental entity or a property owners association. These areas may include (for example and 

not limitation) parks, swale areas, landscape buffer areas, berm areas or median areas within the 

right-of-way of public streets, roads, wetlands, conservation areas, drainage areas, community 

identification or entrance features, community signage or other identification and/or areas within 

canal rights-of-ways or other abutting waterways. To the extent provided in any agreement 

between Declarant and Association for the maintenance of any lakes or ponds outside DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, the Association shall maintain the same and the costs thereof shall be paid by Owners 

as part of the Operating Expenses. The Association shall have the right to enter into new 

agreements or arrangements from time to time for improvements and facilities serving the 

27 

003881 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 29 of 139 
†
9774 G2652 

OR BK 

members of the Association or to amend the foregoing if the Board deems the same reasonable 

and appropriate for the continued use and benefit of any part of the Common Areas. 

10.10 Perimeter Walls and Fences. The Declarant or CDD may install perimeter walls or 

fences, including a retaining wall, within any fence or wall easement (the "Perimeter Wall/Fence 

Easement") within DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including any Lot, Common Area or any CDD Tract) 

as set forth on the Plat or created pursuant to this Declaration or by separate easement instrument 

or maintenance agreement with respect to same (the "Perimeter Walls/Fences"). The Association 

or CDD, as applicable, at all times shall have the right to maintain, repair, replace any Perimeter 

Walls/Fences within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including Perimeter Walls/Fences located on Lots, 

Common Areas or on any CDD Tract; however, each Owner shall maintain the interior of any 

Perimeter Walls/Fences or portion thereof located on such Owner's Lot. To the extent permitted 

as part of a Pool Enclosure, Owners may install walls or fences on their Lot which abut 

perpendicularly (or at such other angle consistent with the angle of intersection of the lot lines of 

such Owner's Lot with the Perimeter Wall/Fence) against any Perimeter Walls/Fences, but no such 

wall or fence or any other improvements installed by any Owner may be affixed or attached to any 

Perimeter Walls/Fences or otherwise located within a Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement. In addition, 

no Owner may install or permit to grow any trees, shrubs or landscaping other than sod within any 

Perimeter Wall/Fence Easement or within five (5) feet of any Perimeter Walls/Fences. The 

Association, or CDD, as applicable, may perform (and is hereby granted an easement of ingress 

and egress and temporary construction over all Lots as reasonably necessary to perform) any such 

maintenance, repairs or replacement of the Perimeter Walls/Fences at their discretion and the costs 

of any such maintenance, repairs or replacement by the Association shall be Operating Expenses. 

Failure of the Association or CDD, as applicable, to undertake any such maintenance, replacement 

or repair of the Perimeter Walls/Fences shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so 

thereafter. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, the Declarant 

neither commits to, nor shall hereby be obligated to, construct such Perimeter Walls/Fences. 

10.11 The Association shall be responsible for the costs, charges and 

expenses incurred in connection with) maintenance of sidewalks, swales and drainage structures 

(to the extent not maintained by the CDD), irrigation, trees and landscaping located in the public 

right-of-way adjacent to any Common Areas (if any). Any costs associated with any such 

maintenance of the public right-of-way adjacent to any Common Areas shall be deemed part of 

the Operating Expenses. 

10.12 Sidewalks. The Association shall be responsible for the maintenance and repair of 

all sidewalks within DEL WEBB BEXLEY located in the Common Areas or on any Lot; however, 

each Owner agrees to reimburse the Association any expense incurred in repairing any damage to 

such sidewalk in the event that the negligent or willful acts of such Owner, their Lessees, 

Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees caused such damage to any sidewalk area. Failure 

of an Owner to reimburse the Association any costs necessitated by such negligent or willful acts 

shall subject the Owner to an Individual Assessment for such costs. Maintenance, repair and 

replacement of sidewalks and walkways located on any Lot, including walkways from the 

driveway to the Home, shall be the responsibility of the Lot Owner. 

10.13 Intentionally Deleted. 

28 

003881 1 1 786.v7 

Page 30 of 139 
†
9774 G2653 

OR BK 

10.14 CDD Facilities. The CDD may contract with the Association for the maintenance, 

repair, and replacement of the CDD Facilities in the CDD's sole and absolute discretion and subject 

to any written agreement accepted by the Association in its sole and absolute discretion. In 

addition, if the Association desires that the CDD Facilities, or any portion thereof, be maintained, 

repaired and/or replaced to a higher level or standard than that which the CDD provides, the 

Association shall have the right, with the written consent of the CDD, to perform such additional 

maintenance, repair, and/or replacement as it desires, the costs and expenses of which shall be a 

part of the Operating Expenses of the Association. 

11. Maintenance by Owners. Each Owner shall maintain his or her Lot and Home, including 

without limitation, all structural components, landscaping, driveways, garage doors, and any other 

improvements comprising the Lot or Home in first class, good, safe, clean, neat and attractive 

condition consistent with the general appearance of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, except to the extent 

such maintenance responsibility is specifically the obligation of the Association pursuant to the 

terms of this Declaration, including the Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance to be conducted 

by the Association pursuant to Section 10.2 above. In the event Lots and Homes are not maintained 

by the Owner of the Lot in accordance with the requirements of this Section 11, the Association 

may, but shall not be obligated to, perform the maintenance obligations on behalf of the Owner 

and recover all costs and expenses incurred by the Association in connection with same as an 

Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot pursuant to Section 17.2.6 below. 

11.1 Right of Association to Enforce. Declarant hereby grants the Association an 

easement over each Lot for the purpose of insuring compliance with the requirements of this 

Section ll. In the event an Owner does not comply with this Section Il, the Association may 

perform the necessary maintenance and charge the costs thereof to the noncomplying Owner as an 

Individual Assessment. The Association shall have the right to enforce this Section 11 by all 

necessary legal action. In the event that Association is the prevailing party with respect to any 

litigation respecting the enforcement of compliance with this Section Il , 

it shall be entitled to 

recover all of its attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees, and costs, before trial, at trial and upon 

appeal. 

11.2 Intentionally Deleted. 

Intentionally Deleted. 

11.3 

11.4 Weeds and Refuse. No weeds, underbrush, or other unsightly growth shall be 

permitted to be grown or remain upon the cleared portion of any Lot. No refuse or unsightly 

objects shall be allowed to be placed or allowed to remain upon any Lot. 

11.5 Paved Surfaces. Each Owner shall be responsible to timely repair, maintain and/or 

replace the driveways, walkways and all other paved surfaces comprising part of a Lot except 

sidewalks to be maintained by the Association. In the event the County or any of its subdivisions, 

agencies, and/or divisions must remove any portion of an Owner's driveway, walkway or other 

paved surface of a Lot for the installation, repair, replacement or maintenance of utilities, then the 

Owner of the applicable Lot will be responsible to replace or repair such paved surfaces at such 

Owner's expense. Further, each Owner agrees to reimburse the Association any expense incurred 

in repairing any damage to such paved surfaces in the event that such Owner fails to make the 

29 

003881 1 u 74366\343 1786N7 

Page 31 of 139 
†
9774 G2654 

OR BK 

required repairs, together with interest at the highest rate allowed by law. In the event an Owner 

does not comply with this Section, the Association may perform the necessary maintenance and 

charge the costs thereof to the non-complying Owner as an Individual Assessment. 

11.6 Water Intrusion. Florida experiences heavy rainfall and humidity on a regular basis. 

Each Owner is responsible for making sure his or her Home remains watertight including, without 

limitation, checking caulking around windows and seals on doors. Each Owner acknowledges that 

running air conditioning machinery with windows and/or doors open in humid conditions can 

result in condensation, mold and/or water intrusion. Declarant and Association shall not have 

liability under such circumstances for any damage or loss that an Owner may incur. FURTHER, 

GIVEN THE CLIMATE AND HUMID CONDITIONS IN FLORIDA, MOLDS, MILDEW, 

TOXINS AND FUNGI MAY EXIST AND/OR DEVELOP WITHIN HOMES. EACH OWNER 

IS HEREBY ADVISED THAT CERTAIN MOLDS, MILDEW, TOXINS AND/OR FUNGI MAY 

BE, OR IF ALLOWED TO REMAIN FOR A SUFFICIENT PERIOD MAY BECOME, TOXIC 

AND POTENTIALLY POSE A HEALTH RISK. BY ACQUIRING TITLE TO A HOME 

AND/OR LOT, EACH OWNER, FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THEMSELVES, THEIR 

LESSEES AND THE IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF THEMSELVES AND THEIR 

LESSEES, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ASSUMED THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH 

MOLDS, MILDEW, TOXINS AND/OR FUNGI AND TO HAVE RELEASED DECLARANT 

AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES FROM ANY AND LIABILITY RESULTING FROM 

SAME. 

11.7 NO tree installed by the Declarant in such public right-of-ways, if 

any, adjacent to any Owner's Lot shall be felled, removed, or cut down unless such tree represents 

a hazard to the Home or other improvements on the Lot, or to persons occupying or utilizing DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. 

11.8 Party Walls. Each wall or fence, any part of which is placed on a dividing line 

between separate Lots as part of the original construction on the Lots shall constitute a "Party 

Wall." Each adjoining Owner's obligation with respect to Party Walls shall be determined by this 

Declaration, except as otherwise required by Florida law. 

11.8. I Sharing Repair and Maintenance. Each Owner shall maintain the exterior 

surface of a Party Wall facing his Lot. Except as provided in this Section 11.8, the cost of 

reasonable repair shall be shared equally by adjoining Lot Owners. 

1 1.8.2 Damage-by-Oue-Qyngr. Ifa Party Wall is damaged or destroyed by the act 

of one adjoining Owner, or his guests, tenants, licensees, agents or family members 

(whether or not such act is negligent or otherwise culpable), then that Owner shall 

immediately rebuild or repair the Party Wall to its prior condition without cost to the 

adjoining Owner and shall indemnify the adjoining Owner from any consequential 

damages, loss or liabilities. No Owner shall violate any of the following restrictions and 

any damage (whether cosmetic or structural) resulting from violation of any of the 

following restrictions shall be considered caused by the Owner causing such action or 

allowing such action to occur on such Owner's Lot: 

30 

003881 1 \ 174366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 32 of 139 
†
9774 G2655 

OR BK 

No Owner shall allow sprinklers installed or operated by 

11.8.2.1 

such Owner with respect to Pool Enclosure Landscaping to spray or other water 

sources owned or operated by such Owner or their Lessee to deliver water within 

one foot (l ') of any Party Wall, excluding rainfall that falls directly on such area 

(i.e. an Owner or Lessee shall not collect rainfall from other portions of the Lot and 

deliver it within one foot (1 ') of any Party Wall); 

No Owner shall allow attachment of anything, including but 

I I .8.2.2 

not limited to any climbing plant or vine, to any Party Wall; and 

11.8.3 Other Damage. If a Party Wall is damaged or destroyed by any cause other 

than the act of one of the adjoining Owners, his agents, tenants, licensees, guests or family 

members (including ordinary wear and tear and deterioration from lapse of time), then the 

adjoining Owners shall rebuild or repair the Party Wall to its prior condition, equally 

sharing the expense; provided, however, that if a Party Wall is damaged or destroyed as a 

result of an accident or circumstances that originate or occur on a particular Lot (whether 

or not such accident or circumstance is caused by the action or inaction of the Owner of 

that Lot, or his agents, tenants, licensees, guests or family members) then in such event, 

the Owner of that particular Lot shall be solely responsible for the cost of rebuilding or 

repairing the Party Wall and shall immediately repair the Party Wall to its prior condition. 

11.8.4 Association Right to Repair. 

In the event that the Owner or Owners 

responsible for rebuilding, repairing, maintaining or replacing a Party Wall as provided 

above fail to conduct such required work with respect to the Party Wall, the Association 

may, but shall not be obligated to, conduct any or all such rebuilding, repairing, 

maintenance or replacement with respect to such Party Wall and the Owner or Owners 

originally responsible for same shall reimburse the Association for all costs and expenses 

incurred by the Association in connection with same, and shall be subject to an Individual 

Assessment against their Lot or Lots for all such costs and expenses. 

1 1.8.5 Each Owner shall permit the Owners of adjoining Lots, or 

their representatives, to enter his Lot for the purpose of installations, alteration, or repairs 

to a Party Wall on the Lot of such adjoining Owners, provided that other than for 

emergencies, requests for entry are made in advance and that such entry is at a time 

reasonably convenient to the Owner of the adjoining Lot. An adjoining Owner making 

entry pursuant to this Section shall not be deemed guilty of trespassing by reason of such 

entry. Such entering Owner shall indemnify the adjoining Owner from any consequential 

damages sustained by reason of such entry. 

1 1.8.6 Right of Contribution. The right of any Owner to contribution from any 

other Owner under this Section 11.8 shall be appurtenant to the land and shall pass to such 

Owner's successors in title. 

11.8.7 Consent of Adjoining Owner. In addition to meeting the requirements of 

this Declaration and of any applicable building code and similar regulations or ordinances, 

any Owner proposing to modify, alter, make additions to or rebuild (other than rebuilding 

in a manner materially consistent with the previously existing Party Wall) the Party Wall, 

31 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 33 of 139 
†
9774 G2656 

OR BK 

shall first obtain the written consent of the adjoining Owner, which shall not be 

unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. 

12. Use Restrictions. The following Use Restrictions shall apply to all Lots within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, except for any Lots owned by the Declarant. Each Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family 

Member and their guests and invitees must comply with the following: 

12.1 Alterations and Additions. No material alteration, addition or modification to a Lot 

or Home, or material change in the appearance thereof, shall be made without the prior written 

approval thereof being first had and obtained from the ARC as required by this Declaration. 

12.2 Animals. No animals of any kind shall be raised, bred or kept within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY for commercial purposes. Except as provided below, Owners may keep domestic pets 

as permitted by County ordinances and otherwise in accordance with the Rules and Regulations 

established by the Board from time to time. Pets may be kept or harbored in a Home only so long 

as such pets or animals do not constitute a nuisance. A determination by the Board that an animal 

or pet kept or harbored in a Home is a nuisance shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. 

Without limiting the generality of the forgoing, dog breeds or partial breeds that include pit bulls 

or other breeds deemed to be dangerous by the Board in its sole discretion are prohibited. All pets 

shall be walked on a leash. No pet shall be permitted outside a Home unless such pet is kept on a 

leash or within an enclosed portion of the yard of a Lot. No pet or animal shall be "tied out" on 

the exterior of the Home or in the Common Areas, or left unattended in a yard or on a balcony, 

porch, or patio. No dog runs or enclosures shall be permitted on any Lot. When notice of removal 

of any pet is given by the Board, the pet shall be removed within forty-eight (48) hours of the 

giving of the notice. The person walking the pet or the Owner shall clean up all matter created by 

the pet. Each Owner shall be responsible for the activities of its pet. 

12.3 Artificial Vegetation. Except as otherwise permitted by Florida law, no artificial 

grass, plants or other artificial vegetation, or rocks or other landscape devices, shall be placed or 

maintained upon the exterior portion of any Lot, unless approved by the ARC. 

12.4 Vehicles. Except as provided in the following sentence, the following restrictions 

shall apply to all vehicles utilized or parked in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Notwithstanding any other 

provision in this Declaration to the contrary, the following restrictions shall not apply to 

construction vehicles utilized in connection with construction, improvement, installation, or repair 

by Declarant or its agents, subcontractors, suppliers or consultants or by the Association or its 

contractors. 

12.4.1 Parking. Owners', Lessees' and Immediate Family Members' vehicles shall 

not be parked in streets, private roadways or alleyways within DEL WEBB BEXLEY and 

shall only be parked in the garage or driveway of the respective Owners' Lot and shall not 

block the sidewalk. To the extent DEL WEBB BEXLEY has any guest parking, Owners, 

Lessees and Immediate Family Members are prohibited from parking in such guest parking 

spaces. No vehicles used in business for the purpose of transporting goods, equipment and 

the like, shall be parked in DEL WEBB BEXLEY except during the period of a delivery. 

No parking of vehicles of any kind, including vehicles of visitors, guests or invitees, shall 

be permitted in streets or private roadways within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Any vehicles 

32 

003881 1 1 786.v7 

Page 34 of 139 
†
9774 G2657 

OR BK 

parked within the streets or private roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be subject to 

towing without further notice other than such notice or notices, if any, required by law. 

12.4.2 Repairs and Maintenance of Vehicles. No vehicle which cannot operate on 

its own power shall remain on DEL WEBB BEXLEY for more than twelve (12) hours, 

except in the garage of a Home. No repair or maintenance, except emergency repair, of 

vehicles shall be made within DEL WEBB BEXLEY except in the garage of a Home. No 

vehicles shall be stored on blocks. No tarpaulin covers on vehicles shall be permitted 

anywhere within the public view. 

12.4.3 Prohibited Vehicles. No commercial vehicle, limousine, recreational 

vehicle, boat, trailer, including without limitation, boat trailers, house trailers, mobile 

homes, and trailers of every other type, kind or description, or camper, may be kept within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY. No commercial vehicle or limousine may be kept within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY except in the garage of a Home. The term "commercial vehicle" shall 

not be deemed to include law enforcement vehicles or recreational or sport utility vehicles 

(i.e., Broncos, Blazers, Explorers, Navigators, etc.) or clean "non-working" vehicles such 

as pick-up trucks, vans, or cars if they are used by the Owner on a daily basis for normal 

transportation; provided, however, vehicles with ladders, racks, and hooks attached to such 

vehicles shall be "commercial vehicles" prohibited by this Section. No vehicles displaying 

commercial advertising in violation of this Section 12.4.3 shall be parked within the public 

view. No commercial advertising on such vehicles shall (i) be located other than on the 

side, and rear doors or panels of the vehicle, (ii) not exceed more than four (4) square feet 

in area on each side and rear of the vehicle (including print copy, logos, borders and all 

other advertising graphics and designs) and (iii) not physically protrude from the vehicle 

in any manner. Vehicles with commercial advertising in violation of the forgoing 

limitations must be parked in the garage of a Home. No vehicles bearing a "for sale" sign 

shall be parked within the public view anywhere within DEL WEBB BEXLEY For any 

Owner who drives an automobile issued by the County or other governmental entity (i.e., 

police cars), such automobile shall not be deemed to be a commercial vehicle and may be 

parked in the garage or driveway of the Lot. No vehicle shall be used as a domicile or 

residence either temporarily or permanently. No all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), golf carts, 

scooters or mini motorcycles are permitted at any time on any private streets, roadways, 

sidewalks or other paved surfaces forming a part of the Common Areas. Golf Carts are 

permitted within the private streets and roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, but must 

comply with and be operated, maintained, repaired, stored and parked in accordance with 

all applicable Rules and Regulations regulating same. Additionally no ATV or mini 

motorcycle may be parked or stored within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including any Lot, 

except in the garage of a Home. 

12.4.4 Towing. Subject to applicable laws and ordinances, any vehicle parked in 

violation of these or other restrictions contained herein or in the Rules and Regulations 

may be towed by the Association at the sole expense of the owner of such vehicle (i) 

without further notice (other than as required by applicable law, if any) with respect to any 

vehicle parked in or on the private streets or roadways of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and (ii) 

with respect to any other violation of this Section 12, if such vehicle remains in violation 

for a period of twenty-four (24) hours from the time a notice of violation is placed on the 

33 

003881 1 

Page 35 of 139 
†
9774 G2658 

OR BK 

vehicle or without prior notice if such a vehicle was cited for such violation within the 

preceding fourteen (14) day period. Each Owner by acceptance of title to a Home 

irrevocably grants the Association and its designated towing service the right to enter a Lot 

and tow vehicles in violation of this Declaration. Neither the Association nor the towing 

company shall be liable to the owner of such vehicle for trespass, conversion or otherwise, 

nor guilty of any criminal act, by reason of such towing or removal and once the notice is 

posted, neither its removal, nor failure of the owner to receive it for any other reason, shall 

be grounds for relief of any kind. For purposes of this Section 12.4, "vehicle" shall also 

mean vehicles of all kinds and nature, including, without limitation, motorcycles, 

recreational vehicles, campers, mobile homes, trailers, etc. By accepting title to a Home, 

the Owner provides to the Association the irrevocable right to tow or remove vehicles 

parked on the Owner's Lot and Common Areas that are in violation of this Declaration. 

An affidavit of the person posting the foresaid notice stating it was properly posted shall 

be conclusive evidence of proper posting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Owner, by 

accepting title to a Home, acknowledges that the Association and Declarant are not 

responsible for (and will not be responsible for) monitoring, enforcing or towing with 

respect to vehicles parked on a street or private roadway or public road right of way within, 

adjacent to or in proximity with DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

12.5 Casualty Destruction to Improvements. 

In the event that a Home or other 

improvement is damaged or destroyed by casualty loss or other loss, then the Owner thereof shall 

commence to rebuild or repair the damaged Home or improvement in accordance with Section 

14.2.2 of this Declaration. As to any such reconstruction of a destroyed Home or improvements, 

the same shall only be replaced as approved by the ARC. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 

herein, to the extent that insurance coverage obtained and maintained by the Association covers 

such casualty destruction, the Owner of such damaged or destroyed Home shall not perform any 

activities that would negate such coverage or impair the availability of such coverage. 

12.6 Commercial Activit . Except for normal construction activity, sale, and re-sale of 

a Home, sale or re-sale of other property owned by Declarant, administrative offices of Declarant, 

no commercial or business activity shall be conducted within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including 

without limitation, within any Home. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to applicable 

statutes and ordinances, an Owner may maintain a home business office within a Home for such 

Owner's personal use; provided, however, business invitees, customers, and clients shall not be 

permitted to meet with Owners in Homes unless the Board provides otherwise in the Rules and 

Regulations. No Owner may actively engage in any solicitations for commercial purposes within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY. No solicitors ofa commercial nature shall be allowed within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, without the prior written consent of the Association. No day care center or facility or 

school or educational center or facility may be operated out of a Home. No garage sales are 

permitted, except as permitted by the Association. Prior to the Community Completion Date, 

Association shall not permit any garage sales without the prior written consent of Declarant. 

12.7 Completion and Sale of Homes. No person or entity shall interfere with the 

completion and sale of Homes and/or Lots within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Declarant. 

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EACH OWNER, BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED, 

AGREES THAT ACTIONS OF OWNERS MAY IMPACT THE VALUE OF HOMES AND/OR 

LOTS; THEREFORE EACH OWNER IS BENEFITED BY THE FOLLOWING 

34 

003881 1 

Page 36 of 139 
†
9774 G2659 

OR BK 

RESTRICTIONS: PICKETING AND POSTING OF NEGATIVE SIGNS IS STRICTLY 

PROHIBITED IN ORDER TO PRESERVE THE VALUE OF THE HOMES AND/OR LOTS IN 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY AND THE RESIDENTIAL ATMOSPHERE THEREOF. 

12.8 Control of Contractors. Except for direct services which may be offered to Owners 

(and then only according to the Rules and Regulations relating thereto as adopted from time to 

time), no person other than an Association officer shall direct, supervise, or in any manner attempt 

to assert any control over any contractor of the Association. 

12.9 Cooking. No cooking shall be permitted nor shall any goods or beverages be 

consumed on the Common Areas, except in areas designated for those purposes by the Association. 

The Board shall have the right to prohibit or restrict the use of grills or barbecue facilities 

throughout DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

12.10 Decorations. No decorative objects including, but not limited to, birdbaths, light 

fixtures, sculptures, statues, or weather vanes, shall be installed or placed within or upon any 

portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY without the prior written approval of the ARC. Notwithstanding 

the foregoing, holiday lighting and decorations shall be permitted to be placed upon the exterior 

portions of the Home and upon the Lot in the manner permitted hereunder (i) commencing October 

I st and shall be removed by November 5th of each year and (ii) commencing the week before 

Thanksgiving and shall be removed not later than January 15 of the following year. The ARC may 

establish standards for holiday lights and decorations. The Association is not responsible for any 

damage to any holiday lights or decorations occurring during or in connection with the 

Association's conduct of Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance or operation or maintenance of 

the Lot Irrigation System. The ARC may require the removal of any lighting or decoration that 

creates a nuisance (e.g., unacceptable spillover to adjacent Home or excessive travel through DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY) or interferes with the operation or maintenance of the Lot Irrigation System or 

the Association's conduct of Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance or any other maintenance 

provided under this Declaration, Except as otherwise provided in Section 720.304(2)(b), Florida 

Statutes, and subject to the requirements of such provision, no flag poles are permitted without the 

prior written approval of the ARC. 

12.11 Disputes as to Use. If there is any dispute as to whether the use of any portion of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY complies with this Declaration, such dispute shall, prior to the Community 

Completion Date, be decided by Declarant, and thereafter by the Association. A determination 

rendered by such party with respect to such dispute shall be final and binding on all persons 

concerned. 

12.12 Drainage System. Drainage systems and drainage facilities Inay be part of the 

Common Areas or CDD Facilities, located within Lots or part of the S W MS dedicated to the CDD 

by Plat. Once drainage systems or drainage facilities are installed by Declarant, the maintenance 

of such systems and/or facilities thereafter shall be the responsibility of the CDD. In the event that 

such system or facilities (whether comprised of swales, pipes, pumps, water body slopes, or other 

improvements) is adversely affected by landscaping, fences, structures (including, without 

limitation, pavers) or additions on any Lot, the cost of the CDD to correct, repair, or maintain such 

drainage system and/or facilities shall be the responsibility of the Owner of such Lot containing 

all or a part of such drainage system and/or facilities and shall be paid by such Owner to the CDD 

35 

003881 1 74366\34.31786.v7 

Page 37 of 139 
†
9774 G2660 

OR BK 

or, at the option of the Association, may be paid by the Association and assessed as an Individual 

Assessment against such Owner's Lot pursuant to Section 17.2.6 below. By way of example, and 

not of limitation, if the roots of a tree on one Lot subsequently affect pipes or other drainage 

facilities within another Lot, the Owner of the Lot containing such tree (irrespective of whether 

such Owner planted such tree) shall be solely responsible for the removal of the roots which 

adversely affects the adjacent Lot. Likewise, if the roots of a tree located within the Common 

Areas adversely affect an adjacent Lot, the Association shall be responsible for the removal of the 

roots and the costs thereof shall be Operating Expenses. Nothing herein shall preclude the 

Association from maintaining the S W MS as an Operating Expense in the event that the CDD 

should ever fail to maintain same. 

12.13 Extended Vacation and Absences. In the event a Home will be unoccupied for an 

extended period, the Home must be prepared prior to departure by: (i) removing all removable 

furniture, plants and other objects from outside the Home; and (ii) designating a responsible firm 

or individual to care for the Home, should the Home suffer damage or require attention, and 

providing a key to that firm or individual. Neither Association nor Declarant shall have any 

responsibility of any nature relating to any unoccupied Home. 

12.14 Fences/ Walls/Screens. No walls or fences shall be erected or installed on any Lot 

other than Perimeter Walls/Fences and Pool Enclosures installed by Declarant in connection with 

the original construction of the Home or by an Owner with ARC approval. No walls or fences 

shall be erected or installed by any Owner of a Lot within any Conservation Easement Property, 

including upland buffer areas, or any Perimeter Buffer Easement. No chain link or wooden fencing 

of any kind shall be allowed, and unless otherwise approved by Declarant (or the Association 

following the Turnover Date). Fences, to the extent permitted by this Section 12.14, shall not be 

installed flush to the ground so that drainage will be blocked in any way. All such fences must be 

in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. Due to the CDD's maintenance requirements 

and responsibilities, the installation of such fences within a drainage easement area is not expected 

to be approved by the ARC. However, in the event a fence is installed within a drainage easement 

area, with or without prior written ARC approval, the Owner is solely responsible for fence repair 

or replacement if the drainage easement area needs to be accessed for repairs or maintenance. As 

a condition to ARC approval of any fences in drainage easement areas, the ARC may require the 

Owner to obtain, at his or her own cost and expense, an agreement in writing executed by the CDD 

approving such fence, which agreement may be recorded in the Public Records by the Association 

in its sole and absolute discretion. All screening and screened enclosures shall have the prior 

written approval of the ARC and shall be in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. All 

enclosures of balconies or patios, including addition of vinyl windows, shall be approved by the 

ARC and all decks shall have the prior written approval of the ARC. 

12.15 Fuel Storage. No fuel storage shall be permitted within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

except as may be necessary or reasonably used for swimming pools, spas, barbecues, fireplaces or 

similar devices and in compliance with the Rules and Regulations and with all applicable laws and 

codes. 

12.16 Garages. Each Home shall have an enclosed garage sufficient, at a minimum, to 

contain two (2) vehicles. No gal'age shall be converted into a general living area. Garage doors 

shall remain closed at all times except when vehicular or pedestrian access is required or during 

36 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 38 of 139 
†
9774 G2661 

OR BK 

times when the Owner or Lessee is conducting Home, yard or landscaping maintenance or cleaning 

the garage. 

12.17 Garbage Cans. Trash collection and disposal procedures established by the 

Association shall be observed. No outside burning of trash or garbage is permitted. No garbage 

cans, supplies or other similar articles shall be maintained on any Lot so as to be visible from 

outside the Home 01' Lot. Each Owner shall be responsible for properly depositing his or her 

garbage and trash in garbage cans and trash containers sufficient for pick-up by the appropriate 

collection agencies in accordance with the requirements of any such agency. All such trash 

receptacles shall be maintained in a sanitary condition and shall be shielded from the view of 

adjacent properties and streets. Garbage cans and trash containers shall not be placed outside the 

Home for pick-up earlier than 7:00 p.m. on the day preceding the pick-up and shall be removed 

the day of pick-up. 

12.18 General Use Restrictions. Each Home, the Common Areas and any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY shall not be used in any manner contrary to the Governing Documents. 

12.19 Hurricane Shutters. Any hurricane shutters or other protective devices visible from 

outside a Home shall be of a type as approved in writing by the ARC and shall match the color or 

trim of the Home and be of a neutral color. Panel, accordion and roll-up style hurricane shutters 

may not be left closed during hurricane season (or at any other time). Any such approved hurricane 

shutters may be installed or closed up to forty-eight (48) hours prior to the expected arrival of a 

hurricane and must be removed or opened within seventy-two (72) hours after the end of a 

hurricane watch or warning or as the Board may determine otherwise. Except as the Board may 

otherwise decide, shutters may not be closed at any time other than up to forty-eight (48) hours 

prior to the expected arrival of a hurricane and must be removed or opened within seventy-two 

(72) hours after the end of a hurricane watch or warning. Any approval by the ARC shall not be 

deemed an endorsement of the effectiveness of hurricane shutters. 

12.20 Irrigation. Due to water quality, irrigation systems may cause staining on Homes, 

other structures or paved areas. It is each Owner's responsibility to treat and remove any such 

staining within the Owner's Lot. Declarant or the Association may utilize a computerized loop 

system to irrigate the Common Areas. Any such computerized loop irrigation system that is not 

specifically the maintenance obligation of an Owner, shall be the maintenance obligation of the 

Association and is deemed part of the Common Areas. The costs of operating and maintaining 

such computerized loop irrigation systems to irrigate the Common Areas, including utility costs, 

shall be an Operating Expense. 

12.21 Water Body Slopes. The rear yard of sonle Lots may border wet retention areas or 

lakes or water bodies forming part of the CDD Facilities or part of the S W MS. The CDD will 

regulate and maintain the water body slopes and banks for such wet retention areas, lakes or water 

bodies located within such rear yards to prevent or restore erosion of slopes and banks due to 

drainage or roof culvert outfalls or any other reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 

Association, as part of the Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance, or the Owner of such Lot, as 

part of maintaining and the Pool Enclosure Landscaping, shall maintain and irrigate sod and 

permitted landscaping within such water body slopes and banks located on such Owner's Lot to 

prevent erosion of same. In addition, the Owner of such Lot shall ensure that such water body 

37 

003881 

Page 39 of 139 
†
9774 G2662 

OR BK 

banks and slopes remain free of any structural or landscape encroachments so as to permit 

vehicular access for maintenance when needed. Each record title owner of each Lot bordering on 

the water body, by the acceptance of a deed to their Lot, hereby grants the CDD an easement of 

ingress and egress across his or her Lot to all adjacent water body areas for the purpose of ensuring 

compliance with the requirements of this Section. 

12.22 Laund!Y. Subject to the provisions of Section 163.04, Florida Statutes, to the extent 

applicable, no rugs, mops, or laundry of any kind, or any other similar type article, shall be shaken, 

hung or exposed so as to be visible outside the Home or Lot. Clotheslines may be installed in the 

rear of a Lot so long as not visible from the street or an adjacent Lot (i.e., within a fenced yard); 

provided, that, any such clothes line shall be removed when it is not in use as a clothesline. 

12.23 Lawful Use. No immoral, improper, offensive, unlawful or obnoxious use shall be 

made in any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. All laws, zoning ordinances and regulations of all 

governmental entities having jurisdiction thereof shall be observed. The responsibility of meeting 

the requirements of governmental entities for maintenance, modification or repair of a portion of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be the same as the responsibility for maintenance and repair of the 

property concerned. 

12.24 Leases. Homes may be leased, licensed or occupied only in their entirety and no 

fraction or portion may be rented. No bed and breakfast facility may be operated out of a Home. 

Individual rooms of a Home may not be leased on any basis. No transient tenants may be 

accommodated in a Home. All leases or occupancy agreements of Homes (collectively, "Lease 

are subject to the provisions of this Section 12.24. All Lease Agreements shall be 

in writing. A copy of all Lease Agreements shall be provided to the Association. No Lease 

Agreement may be for a term of less than one (l) year, and no Home may be leased more than two 

(2) times in any calendar year unless otherwise approved by the Association in the case of hardship. 

The Lessee, as part of the Lease Agreement, shall agree to abide by and adhere to the terms and 

conditions of this Declaration together with all Rules and Regulations and all policies adopted by 

the Association. By acceptance of a deed to a Home, the Owner hereby agrees to remove, at the 

Owner's sole expense, by legal means including eviction, his or her Lessee and all other occupants 

of their Home should the Lessee or occupants refuse or fail to abide by and adhere to this 

Declaration, the Rules and Regulations and any other policies adopted by the Association. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, should an Owner fail to perform his or her obligations under this 

Section, the Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to evict such Lessee or 

occupants and the costs of the same shall be charged to the Owner as an Individual Assessment. 

All Lease Agreements shall require the Home to be used solely as a private single family residence. 

Each leased Home shall be occupied by Lessees of the Lessee's Immediate Family Members, 

overnight guests and professional caregivers as a residence and for no other purpose. During such 

time as a Home is leased, the Owner of such Home shall not enjoy the use privileges of the 

Common Areas appurtenant to such Home. 

12.25 Minor's Use of Commonly Shared Facilities. Parents and legal guardians shall be 

responsible for all actions of their minor children at all times in and about DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

Neither Declarant nor Association shall be responsible for any use of the Common Areas, by 

anyone, including minors. The Board of Directors may adopt reasonable Rules and Regulations 

governing minors' use of the Recreational Facilities. 

38 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 40 of 139 
†
9774 G2663 

OR BK 

12.26 Nuisances. No noxious or offensive activity, nuisance or any use or practice that is 

the source of unreasonable annoyance to others or which interferes with the peaceflll possession 

and proper use of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is permitted. No firearms or fireworks shall be 

discharged within DEL WEBB BEXLEY except discharge of firearms as permitted to protect 

persons or property under current law. Nothing shall be done or kept within the Common Areas, 

or any other portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including a Home or Lot which will increase the 

rate of insurance to be paid by the Association. 

12.27 Oil and Mining Operations. No oil, drilling development operations, oil refining, 

quarrying or mining operations of any kind shall be permitted upon or on any Lot, nor shall oil 

wells, tanks, tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts be permitted upon or on any Lot. No derrick 

or other structure designed for use in boring for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained or 

permitted on any Lot. 

12.28 Paint. The exterior of Homes shall be re-painted within forty-five (45) days of 

notice by the ARC to the Owner of applicable Lot. 

12.29 All personal property of Owners or other occupants of Homes 

shall be stored within the Homes. No personal property, except usual patio furniture, may be stored 

on, nor any use made of, the Common Areas, any Lot or Home, or any other portion of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, which is unsightly or which interferes with the comfort and convenience of others. 

12.30 Removal of Soil and Additional Landscaping. Without the prior consent of the 

ARC, no Owner shall remove soil from any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, change the 

elevation, level or slope of the land within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, or plant or remove landscaping 

which results in any permanent change in the flow and drainage of surface water within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. Owners may place additional plants, shrubs, or trees within any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY within their respective Lots (which shall constitute Owner Installed 

Landscaping) with the prior written approval of the ARC. 

12.31 Swimming Pools, Hot Tubs and Spas. No above-ground pools shall be permitted 

on any Lot. Above-ground hot tubs and in-ground pools may be permitted within a Pool Enclosure 

with ARC approval. In-ground pools may also include an in-ground spa if same is approved by 

the ARC in its sole discretion. All in-ground pools, hot tubs and appurtenances installed on any 

Lot within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall require the prior written approval of the ARC as set forth 

in this Declaration. The design must incorporate, at a minimum, the following: (i) the composition 

of the material must be thoroughly tested and accepted by the industry for such construction; (ii) 

any swimming pool or swimming pool/spa combination constructed on any Lot shall have an 

elevation at the top of the pool and spa (as applicable) of not over two feet (2') above the natural 

grade unless approved by the ARC; (iii) swimming pools, hot tubs and spas must be installed 

within a Pool Enclosure of a design, color and material approved by the ARC and such enclosures 

shall be no higher than twelve feet (12') unless otherwise approved by the ARC and shall in no 

event be higher than the roofline of the Home. Pool Enclosures shall not extend beyond the sides 

of the Home without express approval by the ARC. All pools and spa (as applicable) shall be 

adequately maintained and chlorinated (or cleaned with similar treatment). No diving boards, 

slides, or platforms shall be permitted. Under no circumstances may chlorinated water be 

discharged onto other Owners' lawns, the Common Areas, the community streets, or into any water 

39 

003881 1 74366\.3431786.v7 

Page 41 of 139 
†
9774 G2664 

OR BK 

bodies within DEL WEBB BEXLEY or adjoining properties. Nothing herein shall be construed 

to restrict or prohibit compliance with the minimum requirements for installation, operation and 

maintenance of fences or other barriers constituting safety barriers around swimming pools, hot 

tubs, spas and appurtenances on a Lot as may be required by the Pasco County Code or other 

governmental regulation or law, subject to the approval and additional requirements of the ARC. 

12.32 Roofs Drivewa s and Pressure Cleanin . Roofs, exterior surfaces and/or 

pavement, including, but not limited to, walks and drives, shall be pressure cleaned within thirty 

(30) days of notice by the ARC to the Owner of the Lot. No surface applications to driveways 

shall be permitted without the prior written approval of the ARC as to material, color and pattern. 

Such applications shall not extend beyond the Lot line or include the sidewalk. All roofs must be 

in compliance with the Architectural Guidelines. 

12.33 Satellite Dishes and Antennae. No exterior visible antennae, radio masts, towers, 

poles, aerials, satellite dishes, or other similar equipment shall be placed on any Home or Lot 

without the prior written approval thereof being first had and obtained from the ARC as required 

by this Declaration. The ARC may require, among other things, that all such improvements be 

screened so that they are not visible from adjacent Homes, or from the Common Areas. Each 

Owner agrees that the location of such items must be first approved by the ARC in order to address 

the safety and welfare of the residents of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. No Owner shall operate any 

equipment or device which will interfere with the radio or television reception of others. All 

antennas not covered by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") rules are prohibited. 

Installation, maintenance, and use of all antennas shall comply with restrictions adopted by the 

Board and shall be governed by the then current rules of the FCC. 

12.34 Signs and Flags. No sign, flag, banner, advertisement, notice or other lettering shall 

be exhibited, displayed, inscribed, painted or affixed in, or upon any part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

including without limitation, any Home, Lot or vehicle, that is visible from the outside; provided, 

however, any Owner may display in a respectful manner one (l ) portable, removable United States 

flag or official flag of the State of Florida and one (1) portable, removable official flag of the 

United States Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard, or a POW-MIA flag. Any 

such permitted flags may not exceed four and one-half feet (4 h') by six feet (6'). Each Owner 

may erect one (1) freestanding flag pole that is no more than twenty feet (20') high on any portion 

of such Owner's Lot if the flag pole does not obstruct sightlines at intersections and is not erected 

within or upon any easement. The flag pole may not be installed any closer than ten feet (10') 

from the back of curb, or within ten feet (10') of any Lot boundary line. Any Owner may further 

display from the flagpole, one (l) official United States flag, not larger than four and one-half feet 

(4 h') by six feet (6'), and may additionally display one (l) official flag of the State of Florida or 

the IJnited States Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard, or a POW-MIA flag. 

Such additional flag must be equal in size to or smaller than the United States flag. Any flag pole 

installed in accordance with this Section is subject to all building codes, zoning setbacks, and other 

applicable governmental regulations, including without limitation noise and lighting ordinances in 

the County and all setback and location criteria contained in this Declaration. Notwithstanding 

the foregoing, one (l) in ground, temporary sign used solely in connection with the sale or leasing 

of a Lot or Home may be displayed on such Lot after the Community Completion Date if such 

sign has been first approved by the ARC or complies with any guidelines for such signs 

promulgated by the ARC or Board. 

40 

003881 1 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 42 of 139 
†
9774 G2665 

OR BK 

Declarant is exempt from this Section; provided, further, the Declarant specifically reserves 

the right, for itself and its agents, employees, nominees and assigns, the right, privilege and 

easement to construct, place and maintain upon any property within DEL WEBB BEXLEY such 

signs as they deem appropriate in connection with the development, improvement, construction, 

marketing and sale of any of the Lots and Homes. The prohibitions on signs displayed on or within 

vehicles contained above in this Section shall not apply to commercial vehicles such as for 

construction use or providing pick-up and delivery services and other commercial services. 

12.35 Sports Equipment. Except such as are installed by Declarant, no recreational, 

playground or sports equipment shall be installed or placed within or about any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY without prior written consent of the ARC. Basketball hoops and backboards of 

all kinds are prohibited. Tree houses or platforms of a similar nature shall not be constructed on 

any part of a Lot. Rules and Regulations governing recreational playground or sports equipment 

or facilities may be adopted by the Association from time to time. 

12.36 Storage. No temporary or permanent utility or storage shed, storage building, tent, 

or other structure or improvement shall be permitted and no other structure or improvement shall 

be constructed, erected, altered, modified or maintained. Water softeners, trash containers, pool 

pumps, filters and equipment and other similar devices shall be properly screened from the street 

in a manner approved by the ARC. 

12.37 Subdivision and Regulation of Land. No portion of any Home or Lot shall be 

divided or subdivided or its boundaries changed without the prior written approval of the 

Association. No Owner shall inaugurate or implement any variation from, modification to, or 

amendment of governmental regulations, land use plans, land development regulations, zoning, or 

any other development orders or development permits applicable to DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

without the prior written approval of (a) Declarant prior to the Community Completion Date, 

which may be granted or denied in its sole discretion, and (b) the Association. 

12.38 Substances. No flammable, combustible or explosive fuel, fluid, chemical, 

hazardous waste, or substance shall be kept on any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY or within any 

Home or Lot, except those which are required for normal household use and used in compliance 

with all laws and codes. All propane tanks for household and/or pool purposes (excluding 

barbecue grill tanks) must be installed underground. 

12.39 Swimmin Wadin Boatiny Docks and Fishin 

Swimming and wading are 

prohibited within any of the water bodies within or adjacent to the boundaries of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY. The use of boating and personal watercraft of all kinds on or within any of the water 

bodies within or adjacent to the boundaries of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is prohibited. No dock, pier 

or structure of any kind extending into any water bodies within or adjacent to the boundaries of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be installed. Fishing within any water bodies within or adjacent to 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be allowed if permitted by the CDD in its sole discretion and then 

subject to such rules and regulations with respect to same as may promulgated by the CDD and 

Rules and Regulations of the Association from time to time. 

12.40 Use of Homes. Each Home is restricted to residential use as a residence by the 

Owner or permitted occupant thereof, its Immediate Family Members, guests, tenants and invitees. 

41 

003881 1 1786.v7 

Page 43 of 139 
†
9774 G2666 

OR BK 

The Association shall not interfere with the freedom of Owners and Residents to determine the 

number of Qualified Occupants within a household, except that it may limit the total number of 

Persons entitled to occupy a Home based upon the size of the Home (based on such factors as the 

number of bedrooms), not to exceed the number permitted under current zoning ordinances and 

limit the number of Occupants per household who have full privileges to use of the Recreational 

Facilities, including the Community Amenity. 

12.41 Visibility on Corners. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 

restrictions, no obstruction to visibility at street intersections shall be permitted and such visibility 

clearances shall be maintained as required by the Board and governmental agencies. No vehicles, 

objects, fences, walls, hedges, shrubs or other planting shall be placed or permitted on a corner Lot 

where such obstruction would create a traffic problem. 

12.42 Wells and Septic Tanks. Neither potable water wells nor irrigation wells using 

groundwater or drawing water from any lakes, wet or dry retention areas or other water bodies will 

be allowed within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. No individual septic tanks will be permitted on any Lot. 

If the Common Areas include one or more 

12.43 Wetlands and Mitigation Areas. 

preserves, wetlands, and/or mitigation areas, no Owner or other person shall take any action or 

enter onto such areas so as to adversely affect the same or violate any conservation or preserve 

easement or the Permit. Such areas are to be maintained by the CDD in their natural state. It shall 

be the CDD's responsibility to complete all wetland mitigation, maintenance and monitoring, if 

any, in accordance with all conditions and requirements of the Permit with respect to same. 

12.44 Window Treatments. Window treatments shall consist of drapery, blinds, 

decorative panels, or other window covering, and no newspaper, aluminum foil, sheets or other 

temporary window treatments are permitted, except for periods not exceeding one (1) week after 

an Owner or tenant first moves into a Home or when permanent window treatments are being 

cleaned or repaired. No security bars shall be placed on the windows of any Home without prior 

written approval of the ARC. No awnings, canopies or shutters shall be affixed to the exterior of 

a Home without the prior written approval of the ARC. No reflective tinting or mirror finishes on 

windows shall be permitted unless approved by the ARC. Window treatments facing the street 

shall be of a neutral color, such as white, off-white or wood tones. 

12.45 Windows or Wall Units. No window or wall air conditioning unit may be installed 

in any window or wall of a Home. 

12.46 Drones and Other Aerial Devices. No drone or other aerial devices such as 

motorized planes shall be flown or otherwise used in DEL WEBB BEXLEY by Owners, Lessees, 

Immediate Family Members, any of their guests or invitees or any other parties within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY except as provided in this Section 12.46. Drones and aerial devices may be flown or 

used for personal recreational purposes in Common Areas specifically designated by the 

Association for such uses (the "Drone/Aerial I)evice Areas") and such uses shall comply with all 

Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Association with respect to same. The Association, in 

its sole discretion, may designate some, all or none of the Cominon Areas within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY as Drone/Aerial Device Areas, may terminate in whole or part any such designation with 

respect to any Common Areas or may elect to prohibit drone and aerial device use within all of 

42 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 44 of 139 
†
9774 G2667 

OR BK 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY. In addition, the Association, in its sole discretion, may allow and Inay 

separately adopt additional Rules and Regulations pertaining to the commercial use of drones and 

aerial devices within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including, but not limited to, use of such devices for 

deliveries within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of 

this Section 12.46 and any applicable Federal, State or local governmental laws, rules, regulations 

or restrictions governing the use of drones and aerial devices in DEL WEBB BEXLEY, such 

Federal, State and local governmental laws, rules, 

regulations or restrictions shall 

control. Declarant shall be exempt from the provisions of this Section 12.46. 

13. Easement for Unintentional and Non-Negligent Encroachments. If any other building or 

improvement on a Lot shall encroach upon another Lot by reason of original construction by 

Declarant, then an easement for such encroachment shall exist so long as the encroachment exists. 

Lots may contain improvements that may pass over or underneath an adjacent Lot. A perpetual 

nonexclusive easement is herein granted to allow such improvement and to permit any natural 

water runoff from roof overhangs, eaves and other protrusions onto an adjacent Lot. 

14. Requirement to Maintain Insurance. 

14.1 Association Insurance. Association shall maintain the following insurance 

coverage: 

14.1.1 Casualty Insurance. Casualty or hazard insurance on Common Area 

improvements for which such insurance is available at a cost that is acceptable to the Board, 

in its sole discretion, and with such coverages, exclusions and deductibles as the Board 

determines, in its sole discretion. The Board may elect, in its sole discretion, not to 

maintain casualty insurance on any such Common Area improvements and failure to 

maintain such insurance shall not be deemed a breach of duty by the Board or the Declarant. 

14.1.2 Flood Insurance. If the Common Areas are located within an area which 

has special flood hazards and for which flood insurance has been made available under the 

National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), coverage in appropriate amounts, available 

under NFIP for all buildings and other insurable property within any portion of the 

Common Areas located within a designated flood hazard area. 

14.1.3 Liability Insurance. Commercial general liability insurance coverage 

providing coverage and limits deemed appropriate. Such policies must provide that they 

may not be cancelled or substantially modified by any party, without at least thirty (30) 

days' prior written notice to Declarant (until the Community Completion Date) and 

Association. 

14.1.4 Directors and Officers Liability Insurance. Each member of the Board shall 

be covered by directors and officers liability insurance in such amounts and with such 

provisions as approved by the Board. 

If available, a blanket fidelity bond for all officers, 

14.1.5 Fidelity Bonds. 

directors, trustees and employees of the Association, and all other persons handling or 

responsible for funds of, or administered by, Association. In the event Association 

delegates some or all of the responsibility for the handling of the funds to a professional 

43 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 45 of 139 
†
9774 G2668 

OR BK 

management company or licensed manager, such bonds shall be required for its officers, 

employees and agents, handling or responsible for funds of, or administered on behalf of 

the Association. The amount of the fidelity bond shall be based upon reasonable business 

judgment. 

14.1.6 Other Insurance. Such other insurance coverage as deemed appropriate 

from time to time by the Board of the Association in their sole discretion. All coverage 

obtained by the Association shall cover all activities of the Association and all properties 

maintained by the Association, whether or not Association owns title thereto. 

14.1.7 Declarant. Prior to the Turnover Date, Declarant shall have the right, but 

not the obligation, at Association's expense, to provide insurance coverage under its master 

insurance policy in lieu of any of the foregoing. 

14.2 Homes. 

14.2.1 Requirement to Maintain Insurance. Each Owner shall be required to obtain 

and maintain adequate insurance on his or her Home. Such insurance shall be sufficient 

for necessary repair or reconstruction work, and/or shall cover the costs to demolish a 

damaged Home as applicable, remove the debris, and to re-sod and landscape land 

comprising the Lot. Upon the request of the Association, each Owner shall be required to 

supply the Board with evidence of insurance coverage on its Home which complies with 

the provisions of this Section. Without limiting any other provision of this Declaration or 

the powers of the Association, Association shall specifically have the right to bring an 

action to require an Owner to comply with his or her obligations hereunder. 

14.2.2 Requirement to Reconstruct or Demolish. In the event that any Home is 

destroyed by fire or other casualty, the Owner of such Home shall do one of the following: 

(i) the Owner shall commence reconstruction and/or repair of the Home ("Required 

Repair"), or (ii) the Owner shall tear the Home down, remove all the debris, and re-sod 

and landscape the property comprising the Home as required by the ARC ("Required 

Demolition") to the extent permitted under law. If an Owner elects to perform the Required 

Repair, such work must be commenced within thirty (30) days of the Owner's receipt of 

the insurance proceeds respecting such Home and the Required Repair must be completed 

within six (6) months from the date of the casualty or such longer period of time established 

by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion subject to extension if required by law. If 

an Owner elects to perform the Required Demolition, the Required Demolition must be 

completed within six (6) months from the date of the casualty or such longer period of time 

established by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion subject to extension if required 

by law. If an Owner elects to perform the Required Repair, such reconstruction and/or 

repair must be prosecuted in a continuous, diligent, and timely manner. Association shall 

have the right to inspect the progress of all reconstruction and/or repair work. Without 

limiting any other provision of this Declaration or the powers of the Association, 

Association shall have a right to bring an action against an Owner who fails to comply with 

the foregoing requirements. By way of example, Association may bring an action against 

an Owner who fails to either perform the Required Repair or Required Demolition on his 

or her Home within the time periods and in the manner provided herein. Each Owner 

44 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 46 of 139 
†
9774 G2669 

OR BK 

acknowledges that the issuance of a building permit or a demolition permit in no way shall 

be deemed to satisfy the requirements set forth herein, which are independent of, and in 

addition to, any requirements for completion of work or progress requirements set forth in 

applicable statutes, zoning codes and/or building codes. 

14.2.3 Standard of Work. The standard for all demolition, reconstruction, and 

other work performed as required by this Section 14.2 shall be in accordance with the 

Architectural Guidelines and any other standards established by the Association with 

respect to any casualty that affects all or a portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

14.2.4 Additional Rights of the Association. If an Owner refuses or fails, for any 

reason, to perform the Required Repair or Required Demolition as herein provided, then 

Association, in its sole and absolute discretion, by and through its Board is hereby 

irrevocably authorized by such Owner to perform the Required Repair or Required 

Demolition. All Required Repair performed by the Association pursuant to this Section 

shall be in conformance with the original plans and specifications for the Home. 

Association shall have the absolute right to perform the Required Demolition to a Home 

pursuant to this Section if any contractor certifies in writing to the Association that such 

Home cannot be rebuilt or repaired. The Board may levy an Individual Assessment against 

the Owner in whatever amount sufficient to adequately pay for Required Repair or 

Required Demolition performed by the Association, including any costs incurred with the 

management and oversight of any such Required Repair or Required Demolition performed 

by the Association. 

14.2.5 Association Has No Liabilit . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 

this Section 14.2, Association, its directors and officers, shall not be liable to any Owner 

should an Owner fail for any reason whatsoever to obtain insurance coverage on a Home. 

Moreover, Association, its directors and officers, shall not be liable to any person if 

Association does not enforce the rights given to the Association in this Section. 

14.3 Association as Agent. Association is irrevocably appointed agent for each Owner 

of any interest relating to the Common Areas to adjust all claims arising under insurance policies 

purchased by the Association and to execute and deliver releases upon the payment of claims with 

respect to same. 

14.4 Casualty to Common Areas and Homes. In the event of damage to the Common 

Areas, or any portion thereof, Association shall be responsible for reconstruction after casualty. In 

such event, the Association shall have full discretion to redesign or relocate any Common Area 

improvements (including Recreational Facilities) or allocate any insurance proceeds to 

construction, maintenance repair or replacement of other Common Area improvements (including 

Recreational Facilities) or to other reserves or Operating Expenses provided that the Association 

shall reconstruct or repair any Common Area improvements necessary to continue to provide 

access, utilities and drainage to all Lots or Homes in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. In the event of 

damage to a Home, or any portion thereof, the Owner shall be responsible for reconstruction after 

casualty in accordance with Section 14.2 above. 

45 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 47 of 139 
†
9774 G2670 

OR BK 

14.5 Nature of Reconstruction. Any reconstruction of improvements hereunder shall be 

substantially in accordance with the plans and specifications of the original improvement, or as 

the improvement was last constructed, subject to modification to conform to the then current 

governmental regulation(s) or with respect to Common Area improvements as provided in Section 

14.4 above. 

14.6 Cost of Payment of Premiums. The costs of all insurance maintained by the 

Association hereunder, and any other fees or expenses incurred that may be necessary or incidental 

to carry out the provisions hereof are Operating Expenses. 

14.7 DgcJÊauL&as-NQ-LjabjljLy. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 

Section, Declarant, its officers, directors, shareholders, and any related persons or corporations 

and their employees, attorneys, agents, officers and directors shall not be liable to any Owner or 

any other person should the Association fail for any reason whatsoever to obtain insurance 

coverage for the Common Areas or should the Owner fail for any reason whatsoever to obtain 

insurance coverage for their Home. 

14.8 Additional Insured. Prior to Turnover, Declarant shall be named as additional 

insured on all policies obtained by the Association, as their interests may appear. 

15. 

15.1 Owners' Easement of Enjoyment. Every Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family 

Member, guests and invitees, and every owner of an interest in DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall have 

a non-exclusive right and easement of enjoyment in and to those portions of the Common Areas 

that it is entitled to use for their intended purpose, subject to the following provisions: 

reservations, 

restrictions, 

conditions, 

limitations and 

15.1.1 Easements, 

declarations of record, now or hereafter existing, and the provisions of this Declaration, as 

amended. 

15.1.2 Rules and Regulations adopted governing use and enjoyment of the 

Common Areas. 

15.1.3 The right of the Association to suspend rights hereunder, including voting 

rights, or to impose fines in accordance with Section 720.305, Florida Statutes. 

15.1.4 The right of the Association to suspend use rights (except vehicular and 

pedestrian ingress and egress and necessary utilities) of all or a portion of the Common 

Areas for any period during which any Assessment remains unpaid. 

15.1.5 The right of Declarant and/or Association to dedicate or transfer all or any 

part of the Common Areas. No such dedication or transfer shall be effective prior to the 

Community Completion Date without prior written consent of Declarant. 

15.1.6 The right of Declarant and/or Association to modify the Common Areas as 

set forth in this Declaration. 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 48 of 139 
†
9774 G2671 

OR BK 

15.1.7 The perpetual right of Declarant to access and enter the Common Areas at 

any time, even after the Community Completion Date, for the purposes of inspection and 

testing of the Common Areas. Association and each Owner shall give Declarant unfettered 

access, ingress and egress to the Common Areas so that Declarant and/or its agents can 

perform all tests and inspections deemed necessary by Declarant. Declarant shall have the 

right to make all repairs and replacements deemed necessary by Declarant. At no time 

shall Association and/or an Owner prevent, prohibit and/or interfere with any testing, repair 

or replacement deemed necessary by Declarant relative to any portion of the Common 

Areas. 

15.1.8 The rights of Declarant, CDD and/or Association regarding DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY as reserved in this Declaration, including the right to utilize the same and to grant 

use rights to others. 

15.2 Ingress and Egress. An easement for ingress and egress is hereby created for (i) 

pedestrian traffic over, and through and across streets, alleyways, sidewalks, paths, walks, 

driveways, passageways, roads and lanes as the same, from time to time, may exist upon, or be 

designed as part of, the Common Areas and (ii) vehicular traffic over, through and across such 

portions of the Common Areas as, from time to time, may be paved and intended for such purposes. 

15.3 Development Easement. In addition to the rights reserved elsewhere herein, 

Declarant reserves an easement for itself or its nominees over, upon, across, and under DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY as may be required in connection with the development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and 

other lands designated by Declarant and to promote or otherwise facilitate the development, 

construction and sale and/or leasing of Homes or any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and other 

lands designated by Declarant. Without limiting the foregoing, Declarant specifically reserves the 

right to use all paved roads and rights of way within DEL WEBB BEXLEY for vehicular and 

pedestrian ingress and egress to and from construction sites. 

Specifically, each Owner 

acknowledges that construction vehicles and trucks may use portions of the Common Areas. 

Declarant shall have no liability or obligation to repave, restore, or repair any portion of the 

Common Areas as a result of the use of the same by construction traffic, and all maintenance and 

repair of such Common Areas shall be deemed ordinary maintenance of the Association payable 

by all Owners as part of Operating Expenses. Without limiting the foregoing, at no time shall 

Declarant be obligated to pay any amount to the Association on account of Declarant's use of the 

Common Areas. Declarant may market other residences and commercial properties located 

outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY from Declarant's sales facilities located within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY. Declarant has the right to use all portions of the Common Areas in connection with its 

marketing activities, including, without limitation, allowing members of the general public to 

inspect model homes, installing signs and displays, holding promotional parties and outings, and 

using the Conunon Areas for every other type of promotional 01' sales activity that may be 

employed in the marketing of residential homes. The easements created by this Section, and the 

rights reserved herein in favor of Declarant, shall be construed as broadly as possible and 

supplement the rights of Declarant set forth in Section 21 of this Declaration. At no time shall 

Declarant incur any expense whatsoever in connection with its use and enjoyment of such rights 

and easements. 

47 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 49 of 139 
†
9774 G2672 

OR BK 

15.4 Public Easements. Fire, police, school transportation, health, sanitation and other 

public service and utility company personnel and vehicles shall have a permanent and perpetual 

In addition, 

easement for ingress and egress over and across the Common Areas. 

Telecommunications Providers shall also have the right to use all paved roadways for ingress and 

egress to and from telecommunications systems within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

15.5 Delegation of Use. Every Owner shall be deemed to have delegated its right of 

enjoyment to the Common Areas to Lessees or occupants of that Owner's Home subject to the 

provisions of this Declaration and the Rules and Regulations, as may be promulgated, from time 

to time. Any such delegation or lease shall not relieve any Owner from its responsibilities and 

obligations provided herein. 

15.6 Easement for Encroachments. In the event that any improvement upon Common 

Areas or any CDD Tract, as originally constructed, shall encroach upon any other property or 

improvements thereon, or for any reason, then an easement appurtenant to the encroachment shall 

exist for so long as the encroachment shall naturally exist. 

15.7 Permits Licenses and Easements. Prior to the Community Completion Date, 

Declarant, and thereafter Association, shall, in addition to the specific rights reserved to Declarant 

herein, have the right to grant, modify, amend and terminate permits, licenses and easements over, 

upon, across, under and through DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including Lots, Parcels, Homes, Common 

Areas, and private streets and roadways) for telecommunications systems, utilities, the S W MS, 

roads and other purposes reasonably necessary or useful as it determines, in its sole discretion. To 

the extent legally required, each Owner shall be deemed to have granted to Declarant and, 

thereafter, Association an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, for the purposes 

herein expressed. 

15.8 Support Easement and Maintenance Easement. An easement is hereby created for 

the existence and maintenance of supporting structures (and the replacement thereof) in favor of 

the entity required to maintain the same. An easement is hereby created for maintenance purposes 

(including access to perform such maintenance) over and across DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including 

Lots, Parcels, and Homes) for the reasonable and necessary maintenance of Common Areas, 

utilities, cables, wires and other similar facilities. 

15.9 Drainage. A non-exclusive easement shall exist in favor of Declarant, the CDD, 

the Association, if applicable, SWF WMD, the County and/or any federal agency having 

jurisdiction over DEL WEBB BEXLEY over, across and upon DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including 

all areas containing the S W MS or drainage or stormwater management easements created on the 

Plat or by separate instrument for drainage, irrigation and water management purposes. Any such 

drainage easement shall not contain permanent improvements, including but not limited to 

sidewalks, driveways, impervious surfaces, patios, decks, pools, air conditioners, structures, utility 

sheds, poles, fences, irrigation systems, trees, shrubs, hedges or landscaping plants other than 

grass, except for (i) improvements installed by Declarant, (ii) landscaping of the Surface Water 

Management System, (iii) as required by the County or the Permit, and/or (iv) improvements 

approved by the ARC. A non-exclusive easement for ingress and egress and access exists for such 

parties in order to construct, maintain, inspect, record data on, monitor, test, or repair, as necessary, 

any water management areas, conservation areas, mitigation areas, irrigation systems and facilities 

48 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 50 of 139 
†
9774 G2673 

OR BK 

thereon and appurtenances thereto. No structure, landscaping, or other material shall be placed or 

be permitted to remain which may damage or interfere with the drainage or irrigation of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY and/or installation or maintenance of utilities or which may obstruct or retard 

the flow of water through DEL WEBB BEXLEY and/or water management areas and facilities or 

otherwise interfere with any drainage, irrigation and/or easement provided for in this Section or 

the use rights set forth elsewhere in this Declaration. 

15.10 Blanket Easement in favor of the Association. Association is hereby granted an 

easement over all of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including all Lots, for the purposes of: (i) constructing, 

maintaining, replacing and operating all Common Areas; (ii) performing any obligation the 

Association is obligated to perform under this Declaration; (iii) taking such actions as the 

Association deems necessary or advisable in fulfilling its obligations and exercising its rights under 

this Declaration; and (iv) performing any obligation of an Owner for which the Association intends 

to impose an Individual Assessment. 

15.11 Blanket Easement in favor of the CDD. The CDD is hereby granted an easement 

over all of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including all Lots and Common Areas, for the purposes of: (i) 

constructing, managing, operating, maintaining, repairing, replacing, monitoring and preserving 

property, improvements and systems the CDD is required to maintain under the CDD Documents, 

including, but not limited to the S W MS and the Conservation Easement Property; (ii) performing 

any obligation the CDD is obligated to perform under the CDD Documents; and (iii) taking such 

actions as the CDD deems necessary or advisable in fulfilling its obligations and exercising its 

rights under the CDD Documents. 

15.12 Duration. All easements created herein or pursuant to the provisions hereof shall 

be perpetual unless stated to the contrary. 

16. Restrictions Affectin Occu anc and Alienation. 

16.1 Restrictions on Occu anc . Subject to the rights reserved to Declarant in Section 

16.2, the Lots within DEL WEBB BEXLEY are intended for the housing of persons fifty-five (55) 

years of age or older. The provisions of this Section 16.1 are intended to be consistent with and are 

set forth in order to comply with the Fair Housing Amendments Act, 42 U.S.C. *3601 et seq. 

(1988), as amended, the exemption set out in 42 U.S.C. sS3607(b)(l) and (b)(2)(c) and the 

regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, as may be amended, the "Act") allowing 

discrimination based on familial status by satisfying the Act's Age-Restricted Exemption 

Requirement. Declarant or the Association, acting through the Board, shall have the power to 

amend this Section, without the consent of the Members or any person or entity except Declarant, 

for the purpose of maintaining the age restriction consistent with the Act, the regulations adopted 

pursuant thereto and any related judicial decisions in order to maintain the intent and enforceability 

of this Section. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event the provisions of the Act 01' the Act's 

Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement are amended, restated or replaced with alternate 

provisions modifying or restating the exemption allowing discrimination based upon familial 

status for housing of persons fifty-five (55) years of age or older (or any other age threshold 

designated in same), Declarant or the Association, acting through the Board, shall have the power 

to amend this Section 16 and this Declaration, without the consent of the Members or any other 

person or entity except Declarant, for the purpose of maintaining DEL WEBB BEXLEY'S ability 

49 

003881 1786.v7 

Page 51 of 139 
†
9774 G2674 

OR BK 

to enforce the age restrictions set forth herein or such modified restrictions as are required to 

remain in compliance with the Act, the regulations adopted pursuant thereto and any related 

judicial decisions in order to maintain the intent and enforceability of this Section. 

16.1.1 Each occupied Home shall at all times be Occupied by at least one person 

fifty-five (55) years of age or older; however, in the event of the death of a person who was 

the sole Occupant fifty-five (55) years of age or older of a Home, any Qualified Occupant 

may continue to Occupy the same Home as long as the provisions of the Act are not violated 

by such Occupancy. 

16.1.2 No person under the age of twenty-two (22) shall Occupy a Home. 

16.1.3 Nothing in this Section shall restrict the ownership of or transfer of title to 

any Lot; provided, no Owner under the age of fifty-five (55) may Occupy a I-Iome unless 

the requirements of this Section are met nor shall any Owner permit Occupancy of the 

Home in violation of this Section. Owners shall be responsible for including a statement 

that the Lots within DEL WEBB BEXLEY are intended for the housing of persons fifty- 

five (55) years of age or older and that Occupancy by any person under the age of twenty- 

two (22) is prohibited, as set forth in this Section, in conspicuous type in any Lease 

Agreement or other occupancy agreement or contract of sale relating to such Owner's Lot, 

which agreements or contracts shall be in writing and signed by the Lessee or purchaser 

and for clearly disclosing such intent to any prospective Lessee, purchaser, or other 

potential occupant of the Lot. Every Lease Agreement of a Lot or Home shall provide that 

failure to comply with the requirements and restrictions of this Section shall constitute a 

default under the Lease Agreement. 

16.1.4 Any Owner may request in writing that the Board make an exception to the 

requirements for an Age-Qualified Occupant of this Section with respect to a Home on his 

or her Lot, based on documented hardship. The Board may, but shall not be obligated to, 

grant exceptions in its sole discretion, provided that all of the requirements of the Act and 

the Act's Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement would still be met, and further provided 

that no exception to Section 16.1.2 above shall be granted. 

16.1.5 In the event of any change in Occupancy of any Home, as a result of a 

transfer of title, a lease or sublease, a birth or death, change in marital status, vacancy, 

change in location of permanent Home, or otherwise, the Owner of the Home shall 

immediately notify the Board in writing and provide to the Board the names and ages of 

all current occupants of the Home and such other information as the Board may reasonably 

require to verify the age of each occupant required to comply with the Act. In the event that 

an Owner fails to notify the Board and provide all required information within ten (10) 

days after a change in Occupancy occurs, the Association lilay levy monetary fmes against 

the Owner and the Lot for each day after the change in Occupancy occurs until the 

Association receives the required notice and information, regardless of whether the 

Occupants continue to meet the requirements of this Article, in addition to all other 

remedies available to the Association under this Declaration and Florida law. 

50 

003881 1 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 52 of 139 
†
9774 G2675 

OR BK 

16.2 Sales by Declarant. Notwithstanding the restriction set forth in this Section 16, 

Declarant reserves the right to sell Lots and Homes for Occupancy by Persons between forty-five 

(45) and fifty-five (55) years of age; provided, such sales shall not affect the Community's 

compliance with Act's Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement and all applicable State and 

Federal laws under which the Community may be developed and operated as an age-restricted 

community, including requirements that a minimum percentage of Homes be occupied by at least 

one Age-Qualified Occupant as required under Act's Age-Restricted Exemption Requirement and 

the Act or any other such State and Federal laws. 

16.3 Monitoring Compliance; Appointment of Attorney-in-Fact. The Association shall 

be responsible for maintaining records to support and demonstrate compliance with the Act's Age- 

Restricted Exemption Requirement and the Act. The Board shall adopt policies, procedures and 

rules to monitor and maintain compliance with this Section and the Act, including policies 

regarding visitors, updating of age records, the granting of exemptions to compliance and 

enforcement. The Association shall periodically distribute such policies, procedures and rules to 

the Owners and make copies available to Owners, their Lessees and Mortgagees upon reasonable 

request. 

16.4 Enforcement. The Association may enforce this Section 16 in any legal or equitable 

manner available, as the Board deems appropriate, including, without limitation, conducting a 

census of the occupants of Homes, requiring that copies of birth certificates or other proof of age 

for one new Age-Qualified Occupant per Home be provided to the Board on a periodic basis, in 

its sole discretion, taking action to evict the occupants of any Home which does not comply with 

the requirements and restrictions of this Section. Association's records regarding individual 

Members shall be maintained on a confidential basis and not provided except as legally required 

to governing authorities seeking to enforce the Act. Each Owner shall fully and truthfully respond 

to any Association request for information regarding the occupancy of Home on his or her Lot 

which, in the Board's judgment, is reasonably necessary to monitor compliance with this Section. 

Each Owner hereby appoints the Association as its attorney in fact for the purpose of taking legal 

or equitable action to dispossess evict or otherwise remove the occupants of any Home on his or 

her Lot as necessary to enforce compliance with this Section. 

16.5 Owner Com liance and Indemnit . Each Owner shall be responsible for ensuring 

compliance of its Lot with the requirements and restrictions of this Section and the Association 

rules adopted hereunder, by itself and by its Lessees and other occupants of its Lot or Home. Each 

Owner, by acceptance of title to a Lot or Home agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Declarant, 

any affiliate of Declarant and the Association harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages 

and causes of action which nnay arise from failure of such Owner's Lot to so comply, including, 

without limitation, all assessments, costs, changes, attorneys' fees and other sums assessed against 

or incurred by the Association by the County or School Board (as defined below) under Section 

16.7 below, and same shall be an Individual Assessment against such Owner's Lot. Such defense 

costs shall include, but not be limited to, attorney fees and costs. 

16.6 1-lousehold Composition. The Association shall not interfere with the freedom of 

Members and Residents to determine the number of Qualified Occupants within a household, 

except that it may limit the total of Persons entitled to occupy a Home based upon the size of the 

Home (based on such factors as the number of bedrooms), not to exceed the number permitted 

51 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 53 of 139 
†
9774 G2676 

OR BK 

under current zoning ordinances and limit the number of occupants per household who have full 

privileges as members to use of the Common Area. 

16.7 Pasco County Requirements. To be acceptable to the County for waiver of school 

impact fee or reduction of the mobility fee, transportation impact fee ("T IF") or trip generation 

mitigation, and in addition to the other provisions of this Section 16, the following covenants and 

restrictions are hereby imposed on DEL WEBB BEXLEY: 

16.7.1 DEL WEBB BEXLEY is a housing facility or community operating under 

the exemption requirements of the Fair Housing Act, 42 U.S.C. SS 3607, as amended, as 

housing for older persons. At least eighty (80%) percent of the units are occupied by at 

least one (l) person fifty-five (55) years or older, and the housing facility or community 

complies with 24 C.F.R. 100.305, 100.306, and 100.307, as amended. 

16.7.2 No person under the age of twenty-two (22) shall be allowed to permanently 

occupy any residential unit in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Occupancy by the said individual(s) 

in any residential unit(s) for more than ninety (90) days shall constitute "permanent" 

occupancy. 

16.7.3 The Association shall be responsible for enforcing the foregoing restrictions 

and shall be jointly and severally liable along with the owner(s) of the violating unit(s) to 

the County and the District School Board of Pasco County ("School Board"), for 

payment(s) of any school impact fees, mobility fees, T IFS or transportation mitigation 

waived or reduced if such restrictions have been violated. Such payment(s) shall be 

calculated in accordance with the school impact fee, mobility fee, T IF, or the transportation 

mitigation rates or rules in effect at the time the violation(s) are discovered. 

16.7.4 The foregoing restrictions are for the benefit of the County and the School 

Board who shall have the right to enforce violations of the foregoing restrictions by 

assessment of school impact fees, T IFS, mobility fees, or transportation mitigation by any 

means legally available to the Association or by any other legal remedy, including 

injunctive relief. The County and the School Board shall be entitled to recover any 

attorney's fees expended to enforce violations of the foregoing restrictions or to collect 

school impact fees, T IFS, or transportation mitigation waived or reduced in violation of the 

foregoing restrictions. 

16.7.5 The foregoing restrictions shall survive any expiration of the other 

applicable deed restrictions and shall not be removed or amended without the consent and 

written agreement of both the County and the School Board. 

16.7.6 Individual deeds and lease agreements for real property/units within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY must contain the following language in its entirety: 

16.7.6.1 The community of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is intended to be 

"housing for older persons" pursuant to the Fair Housing Act, 42 U.S.C. SS 3607. 

No person under the age of twenty-two (22) shall be allowed to permanently occupy 

any residential unit in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Occupancy by the said individual(s) 

52 

1 1 786.v7 

Page 54 of 139 
†
9774 G2677 

OR BK 

in any residential unit(s) for more than ninety (90) days shall constitute 

"permanent" occupancy. 

16.7.6.2 The foregoing restrictions are for the benefit of Pasco County 

and the District School Board of Pasco County ("School Board") who shall have 

the right to enforce violations of the foregoing restrictions by assessment of school 

impact fees, mobility fees, transportation impact fees ("TIFs") or transportation 

mitigation by any means legally available to the DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., or by any other legal remedy, including 

injunctive relief. The County and the School Board shall be entitled to recover any 

attorney's fees expended to enforce violations for the foregoing restrictions or to 

collect school impact fees, mobility fees, T IFS, or transportation mitigation waived 

or reduced in violation of the foregoing restrictions. 

16,7.6.3 The foregoing restrictions shall not be removed or amended 

without the consent and written agreement of both Pasco County and the School 

Board. 

16.7.6.4 This restrictive covenant shall run with the land and be binding 

and enforceable against the lessee or grantee, his heirs, assigns and successors in 

interest. 

16.7.7 In the event of any conflict between the other provisions of Section 16 and 

this Section 16.7, the terms of this Section 16.7 shall control. 

17. 

Assessments. 

17.1 General. Each Owner, by acceptance of a deed or instrument of conveyance for the 

acquisition of title in any manner (whether or not so expressed in the deed), including any 

purchaser at a judicial sale, shall be deemed to have covenanted and agreed to pay to the 

Association at the time and in the manner required by the Board, assessments or charges as are 

fixed, established and collected from time to time by the Association (collectively, the 

"Assessments"). As Vacant Lots (as defined herein) and Spec Lots (as defined herein) are not 

improved or may not receive certain services, Declarant and any record title owner of a Vacant Lot 

or a Spec Lot shall not be assessed uniformly with Lots containing completed Homes which are 

not Spec Lots. 

17.2 Purpose of Assessments. The Assessments levied by the Association shall be used 

for, among other things, the purpose of operating and maintaining DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and in 

particular, without limitation, for the improvement, operation and maintenance of the Common 

Areas and other land, or landscaping within or adjacent to DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

that are the responsibility of the Association, including, without limitation, the Surface Water 

Management System, to the extent not maintained by the CDD. Assessments shall include the 

following categories of charges as and when levied and deemed payable by the Board: 

17.2. I Any periodic assessment (on such frequency as determined by the Board) 

or charge for the purpose of operating the Association and accomplishing any and all of its 

purposes, as determined in accordance herewith, including without limitation, payment of 

53 

003881 1 74366\.3431786.v7 

Page 55 of 139 
†
9774 G2678 

OR BK 

Operating Expenses and collection of amounts necessary to pay any deficits from prior 

years' operation ("Installment Assessments"); 

17.2.2 Intentionally Deleted. 

17.2.3 Any special assessments for capital improvements, major repairs, 

emergencies, the repair or replacement of the Surface Water Management System, to the 

extent same is the responsibility of the Association, or nonrecurring expenses ("Special 

Assessments"); 

17.2.4 Any specific fees, dues or charges to be paid for any special services, for 

any special or personal use of the Common Areas, or to reimburse the Association for the 

expenses incurred in connection with such service or use ("Use Fees"); 

17.2.5 Assessments of any kind for the creation of reasonable reserves for any of 

the aforesaid purposes. The Board may, but shall have no obligation to, include a "Reserve 

for Replacement" in the Installment Assessments in order to establish and maintain an 

adequate reserve fund for the periodic maintenance, repair, and replacement of 

improvements comprising a portion of the Common Areas (the "Reserves"), including 

without limitation, Reserves for maintenance, repair and replacement of Recreational 

Facilities. Reserves shall be payable in such manner and at such times as determined by 

the Association, and may be payable in installments extending beyond the fiscal year in 

which the Reserves are established; and 

17.2.6 Any specific assessment for costs incurred by the Association which 

amounts are by their nature applicable only to one or more Lots, but less than all Lots 

("Individual Assessments"). By way of example and not limitation, the cost of 

Landscaping and Irrigation Maintenance for each Lot shall be an Individual Assessment 

against each Lot that varies based upon the size category of such Lot as provided in Section 

10.2 above. In addition, in the event an Owner fails to maintain their Lot or the exterior of 

their Home in a manner required by the Governing Documents, the Association shall have 

the right, through its agents and employees, to enter upon the Lot and to repair, restore, and 

maintain the Lot and/or Home as required by the Governing Documents. The costs of any 

such repair, restoration and/or maintenance, plus the reasonable administrative expenses of 

the Association and any costs incurred in bringing a Lot and/or Home into compliance with 

the Governing Documents shall be an Individual Assessment. The lien for an Individual 

Assessment may be foreclosed in the same manner as any other Assessment. 

17.3 Designation. The designation of Assessment type and amount shall be made by the 

Association. Prior to the Community Completion Date, any such designation must be approved 

by Declarant. Such designation may be made on the budget prepared by the Association. The 

designation shall be binding upon all Owners. 

17.4 

17.4. I Commencing on the first day of the period covered by the annual budget, 

and until the adoption of the next annual budget, the Assessments for Operating Expenses 

and Reserves (if any) shall be allocated so that each Owner shall pay Operating Expenses, 

54 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 56 of 139 
†
9774 G2679 

OR BK 

Special Assessments and Reserves based upon a fraction, the numerator of which is one 

(l) and the denominator of which is the total number of Lots in DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

conveyed to Owners or any greater number determined by Declarant from time to time. 

Declarant, in its sole and absolute discretion may change such denominator from time to 

time; provided, however, under no circumstances will the denominator be less than the 

number of Lots owned by Owners. In addition, any Lot that does not have a Home 

constructed thereon as evidenced by a Certificate of Occupancy (a "Vacant Lot") and any 

Lot that has a Home constructed thereon but is owned by the Declarant or Founder (a "Spec 

Lot") also shall be assessed at ten percent (10%) of the Installment Assessment assessed 

to Lots with Homes constructed thereon and owned by Owners. The Vacant Lot 

Assessment and the Spec Lot Assessment shall be additional income to the Association and 

Vacant Lots and Spec Lots shall not be included in the denominator used to determine each 

Owner's pro rata share of the Operating Expenses and Reserves (if any), unless otherwise 

determined by the Declarant in its sole and absolute discretion. In no event, however, shall 

Declarant pay Special Assessments. 

17.4.2 In the event the Operating Expenses as estimated in the budget for a 

particular fiscal year are, after the actual Operating Expenses for that period is known, less 

than the actual costs, then the difference shall, at the election of the Association: (i) be 

added to the calculation of Installment Assessments, as applicable, for the next ensuing 

fiscal year; or (ii) be immediately collected from the Owners as a Special Assessment. The 

Association shall have the unequivocal right to specially assess Owners retroactively on 

January 1st of any year for any shortfall in Installment Assessments, which Special 

Assessment shall relate back to the date that the Installment Assessments could have been 

made. After the Turnover Date, no vote of the Owners shall be required for such Special 

Assessment (or for any other Assessment) except to the extent specifically provided herein. 

Prior to the Turnover Date, a Special Assessment may be levied by the Association with 

the approval of (i) a majority of the Board; and (ii) fifty-one percent (5 1 of the Voting 

Interests present (in person or by proxy) at a duly called meeting of the members. 

17.4.3 Each Owner agrees that so long as it does not pay more than the required 

amount it shall have no grounds upon which to object to either the method of payment or 

non-payment by other Owners or the Declarant of any sums due. 

17.5 General Assessments Allocation. Installment Assessments shall be uniform for all 

Lots improved with a Home, except as provided in this Declaration. Special Assessments and 

Reserves shall be allocated equally to each Owner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 

contained in the Governing Documents, but subject to the rights of Declarant pursuant to Section 

17.8 of this Declaration, Vacant Lots and Spec Lots shall be assessed at ten percent (10%) of the 

Installment Assessments assessed to Lots with Homes constructed thereon and owned by Owners. 

This lesser Assessment amount reflects that such Vacant Lots and Spec Lots will not benefit from 

maintenance and other services provided by the Association. At such time as a Home is conveyed 

by the Declarant or Founder to an Owner, then the Vacant Lot or Spec Lot, as applicable, shall be 

deemed a fully assessed Lot and shall be responsible for one-hundred percent (100%) of 

Installment Assessments and Special Assessments, except as otherwise provided herein. 

55 

003881 1 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 57 of 139 
†
9774 G2680 

OR BK 

17.6 Use Fees and Individual Assessment. Except as hereinafter specified to the 

contrary, Use Fees and Individual Assessments shall be made against the Owners benefiting from, 

or subject to, the special service or cost as specified by the Association. 

17.7 Commencement of First Assessment. Assessments shall commence as to each 

Owner on the day of the conveyance of title of a Home to such Owner. The record title owner of 

a Lot is jointly and severally liable with the previous record title owner of the Lot for all unpaid 

Assessments that came due up to the time of transfel' of title. A record title owner of a Lot, 

regardless of how title to the Lot has been acquired, including by purchase at a foreclosure sale or 

by deed in lieu of foreclosure, is liable for all Assessments that come due while such person or 

entity was the record title owner of the Lot. An Owner's liability for Assessments may not be 

avoided by waiver or suspension of the use or enjoyment of any Common Areas or by 

abandonment of the Lot upon which the Assessments are made. 

17.8 Shortfalls and Surpluses. Each Owner acknowledges that because Installment 

Assessments, Special Assessments, and Reserves are allocated based on the formula provided 

herein, or upon the number of Lots conveyed to Owners on or prior to September 30th of the prior 

fiscal year, it is possible that the Association may collect more or less than the amount budgeted 

for Operating Expenses. Prior to the Turnover, Declarant shall have the option to (i) pay any 

Operating Expenses incurred by the Association that exceed the Assessments receivable from 

Owners and other income of the Association (the "Deficit"), or (ii) pay Installment Assessments 

on Homes or Lots owned by Declarant at the applicable rate of Installment Assessments 

established for Lots and Homes, including Vacant Lots and Spec Lots, owned by Class A members. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration to the contrary, Declarant shall never be 

required to (i) pay Assessments if Declarant has elected to fund the Deficit instead of paying 

Assessments on Homes or Lots owned by Declarant, (ii) pay Special Assessments or Reserves, or 

(iii) fund deficits due to delinquent Owners. Any surplus Assessments collected by the Association 

may be allocated towards the next year's Operating Expenses or, in the Association's sole and 

absolute discretion, to the creation of Reserves, whether or not budgeted. Under no circumstances 

shall the Association be required to pay surplus Assessments to Owners. The Declarant may at 

any time give thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Association terminating its responsibility 

for the Deficit, and waiving its right to exclusion from Assessments. Upon giving such notice, or 

upon Turnover, whichever is sooner, each Lot owned by Declarant shall thereafter be assessed at 

the applicable rate of Installment Assessments established for Lots and Homes, including Vacant 

Lots and Spec Lots, owned by Class A members. Declarant shall not be responsible for any 

Reserves or Special Assessments, even after the Turnover. Declarant shall be assessed only for 

Lots which are subject to the operation of this Declaration. Upon transfer of title of a Lot owned 

by Declarant, the Lot shall be assessed in the amount established for Lots owned by Owners other 

than the Declarant, prorated as of and commencing with, the month fˆllowing the date of transfer 

of title. 

THE DECLARANT DOES NOT PROVIDE A GUARANTEE OF THE LEVEL OF 

ASSESSMENTS. AS SUCH, THERE IS NO MAXIMUM GUARANTEED LEVEL OF 

ASSESSMENTS DUE FROM OWNERS. IN THE EVENT THE DECLARANT ELECTS TO 

DEFICIT FUND IN LIEU OF PAYING ASSESSMENTS ON THE SAME BASIS AS OTHER 

OWNERS, THE DECLARANT SHALL SPECIFICALLY ELECT TO FUND THE DEFICIT AS 

PROVIDED IN SECTION FLORIDA STATUTES. AS SUCH, THE 

56 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 58 of 139 
†
9774 G2681 

OR BK 

PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 720.308(2) THROUGH 720.308(6), FLORIDA STATUTES, ARE 

NOT APPLICABLE TO THE DECLARANT OR THE CALCULATION OF THE DEFICIT OR 

OTHER AMOUNTS DUE FROM THE DECLARANT. 

17.9 Budgets. The initial budget prepared by Declarant is adopted as the budget for the 

period of operation until adoption of the first annual Association budget. Thereafter, annual 

budgets shall be prepared and adopted by the Association. Assessments shall be payable by each 

Owner as provided in this Declaration. THE INITIAL BUDGET OF THE ASSOCIATION IS 

PROJECTED (NOT BASED ON HISTORICAL OPERATING FIGURES). THEREFORE, IT IS 

POSSIBLE THAT ACTUAL ASSESSMENTS MAY BE LESS OR GREATER THAN 

PROJECTED. 

17.10 Establishment of Assessments. Assessments shall be established in accordance 

with the following procedures: 

Installment Assessments shall be established by the adoption of a 

17.10.1 

twelve (12) month operating budget by the Board. The budget shall be in the form required 

by Section 720.303(6), Florida Statutes. The Board may from time to time determine when 

the Installment Assessments will be collected by the Association (i.e. monthly, quarterly, 

or annually). Unless otherwise established by the Board, Installment Assessments for 

Operating Expenses shall be collected on a monthly basis. 

Special Assessments and Individual Assessments may be 

17.10.2 

established by the Association, from time to time, and shall be payable at such time or 

time(s) as determined by the Board. Until the Community Completion Date, no Special 

Assessment shall be imposed without the consent of Declarant. 

Association may establish, from time to time, by resolution, rule or 

17.10.3 

regulation, or by delegation to an officer or agent, including, a professional management 

company, Use Fees. The sums established shall be payable by the Owner utilizing the 

service or facility as determined by the Association. 

Initial Contribution. The first purchaser of a Lot from the Declarant shall pay to 

17.11 

the Association an initial contribution in the amount EIGHT HUNDRED AND NO/IOO 

DOLLARS ($800.00) (the "Initial Contribution") at the time of closing of the conveyance. The 

funds derived from the Initial Contributions are deemed income to the Association and shall be 

used at the discretion of Board for any purpose, including without limitation, future and existing 

capital improvements, Operating Expenses, support costs and start-up costs. 

17.12 Resale Contribution. After the Home has been conveyed by Declarant, there shall 

be collected from the purchaser upon every subsequent conveyance of an ownership interest in a 

Home by an Owner a resale contribution in the amount of EIGHT HUNDRED AND NO/IOO 

DOLLARS ($800.00) (the "Resale Contribution"). The Board, in its discretion, may increase 

the amount of the Resale Contribution from time to time commencing on the date that is five (5) 

years after the date of recordation of this Declaration, provided, however, that the amount of such 

Resale Contribution lilay not increase at an aggregate rate in excess of two percent (2%) per year 

for the period commencing on the date of recordation of this Declaration through the effective date 

57 

003881 1 1 786.v7 

Page 59 of 139 
†
9774 G2682 

OR BK 

of such increase unless such additional increase is approved pursuant to an amendment to this 

Declaration pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof. The Resale Contribution shall not be applicable to 

colweyances from or to Declarant or Founder. The funds derived from the Resale Contributions 

are income to the Association and shall be used at the discretion of Board for any purpose, 

including without limitation, future and existing capital improvements, Operating Expenses, 

support costs and start-up costs. 

17.13 Assessment Estoppel Certificates. No Owner shall sell or convey its interest in a 

Lot or Home unless all sums due to the Association have been paid in full and an estoppel 

certificate shall have been received by such Owner. Association shall prepare and maintain a 

ledger noting Assessments due from each Owner. The ledger shall be kept in the office of the 

Association, or its designees, and shall be open to inspection by any Owner. Within ten (10) 

business days of a written request therefor, there shall be furnished to an Owner an estoppel 

certificate in writing setting forth whether the Assessments have been paid and/or the amount that 

is due as of any date. As to parties other than Owners who, without knowledge of error, rely on 

the certificate, the certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the amount of any Assessment therein 

stated. The Owner requesting the estoppel certificate shall be required to pay Association or the 

Manager (as defined below) engaged by the Association a reasonable sum to cover the costs of 

examining records and preparing such estoppel certificate. 

17.14 Payment of Home Real Estate Taxes. Each Owner shall pay all taxes and 

obligations relating to its Lot which, if not paid, could become a lien against the Lot that is superior 

to the lien for Assessments created by this Declaration. 

17.15 Creation of the Lien and Personal Obligation. Each Owner, by acceptance of a deed 

or instrument of conveyance for the acquisition of title to a Lot, shall be deemed to have 

covenanted and agreed that the Assessments, and/or other charges and fees set forth herein, 

together with interest, late fees, costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at 

all levels of proceedings including appeals, collections and bankruptcy, shall be a charge and 

continuing lien in favor of the Association encumbering the Lot owned by the Owner against whom 

each such Assessment is made. The lien is effective from and after recording a Claim of Lien in 

the Public Records stating the legal description of the Lot, name of the Owner, and the amounts 

due as of that date, but shall relate back to the date that this Declaration is recorded. The Claim of 

Lien shall also cover any additional amounts which accrue thereafter until satisfied. Each 

Assessment, together with interest, late fees, costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy, and other costs 

and expenses provided for herein, shall be the personal obligation of the person or entity that was 

the record title owner of the Lot at the time when the Assessment became due, as well as the such 

record title owner's heirs, devisees, personal representatives, successors or assigns. 

17.16 Subordination of the Lien to Mortgages. The lien for Assessments shall be 

subordinate to bona fide first mortgage held by a Lender on any Lot, if the mortgage is recorded 

in the Public Records prior to the Claim of Lien. The lien for Assessments shall not be affected 

by any sale or transfer of a Lot, except in the event of a sale or transfer of a Lot pursuant to a 

foreclosure (or by deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) of a bona fide first mortgage held by a 

Lender, in which event, the acquirer of title, its successors and assigns, shall be liable for 

Assessments which became due prior to such sale or transfer to the extent provided in Section 

58 

003881 1 74366\34.31786.v7 

Page 60 of 139 
†
9774 G2683 

OR BK 

720.3085, Florida Statutes. However, any such unpaid Assessments for which such acquirer of 

title is not liable may be reallocated and assessed to all Owners (including such acquirer of title) 

as a part of Operating Expenses. Any sale or transfer pursuant to a foreclosure (or by deed in lieu 

of foreclosure or otherwise pursuant to a foreclosure) shall not relieve the record title owner from 

liability for, nor the Lot from, the lien of any Assessments made thereafter. Nothing herein 

contained shall be construed as releasing the party liable for any delinquent Assessments from the 

payment thereof, or the enforcement of collection by means other than foreclosure. A Lender shall 

give written notice to the Association if the mortgage held by such Lender is in default. 

Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cure such default within the time periods 

provided in the mortgage held by such Lender. In the event Association makes such payment on 

behalf of a record title owner, the Association shall, in addition to all other rights reserved herein, 

be subrogated to all of the rights of the Lender with respect to such payment. All amounts 

advanced on behalf of a record title owner pursuant to this Section shall be added to Assessments 

payable by such record title owner with appropriate interest. 

17.17 Acceleration. In the event of a default in the payment of any Assessment, the 

Association may accelerate the Assessments then due for up to the next ensuing twelve (12) month 

period. 

17.18 Non-Payment of Assessments. If any Assessment is not paid within ten (10) days 

(or such other period of time established by the Board) after the due date, a late fee of Twenty-Five 

and no/ 100 Dollars ($25.00) per month or five percent of the delinquent installments whichever is 

greater (or such greater amount established by the Board and permitted by applicable law), together 

with interest in an amount equal to the maximum rate allowable by law (or such lesser rate 

established by the Board), per annum, beginning from the due date until paid in full, may be levied. 

The late fee shall compensate the Association for administrative costs, loss of use of money, and 

accounting expenses. Su12ject to providing any prior notice as may be required by law, if any, the 

Association may, at any time thereafter, bring an action at law against the record title owner 

personally obligated to pay the same, and/or foreclose the lien against the Lot, or both. The 

Association shall not be required to bring such an action if it believes that the best interests of the 

Association would not be served by doing so. There shall be added to the Assessment all costs 

expended in preserving the priority of the lien and all costs and expenses of collection, including 

attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees, at all levels of proceedings, including appeals, collection 

and bankruptcy. No Owner may waive or otherwise escape liability for Assessments provided for 

herein by non-use of, or the waiver of the right to use, the Common Areas or by abandonment of 

a Lot or Home. All payments on accounts shall be first applied to fines levied in accordance with 

the terms of this Declaration, interest accrued by the Association, then to any administrative late 

fee, then to costs and attorneys' fees, and then to the delinquent Assessment payment first due. 

The allocation of payment described in the previous sentence shall apply notwithstanding any 

restrictive endorsement, designation, or instruction placed on or accompanying a payment. 

17.19 Exemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Declarant, at 

Declarant's sole option, shall either (i) pay Assessments on Lots and Homes owned by Declarant, 

including the applicable rate for Vacant Lots or Spec Lots, or (ii) fund the Deficit, if any, as set 

forth in Section 17.8 herein. In addition, the Board shall have the right to exempt any portion of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY subject to this Declaration from the Assessments, provided that such part 

59 

003881 786.v7 

Page 61 of 139 
†
9774 G2684 

OR BK 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY exempted is used (and as long as it is used) for any of the following 

purposes: 

Any easement or other interest therein dedicated and accepted by 

17.19.1 

the local public authority and devoted to public use; and 

Any of DEL WEBB BEXLEY exempted from ad valorem taxation 

17.19.2 

by the laws of the State of Florida or exempted from Assessments by other provisions of 

this Declaration. 

In addition any portion ofDEL WEBB BEXLEY that is owned by Founder shall be exempt 

from Assessments. 

17.20 Collection by Declarant. If for any reason the Association shall fail or be unable to 

levy or collect Assessments, then in that event, Declarant shall at all times have the right, but not 

the obligation: (i) to advance such sums as a loan to the Association to bear interest and to be 

repaid as hereinafter set forth; and/or (ii) to levy and collect such Assessments by using the 

remedies available as set forth above, including, but not limited to, recovery of attorneys' fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy. Such remedies 

shall be deemed assigned to Declarant for such purposes. If Declarant advances sums, it shall be 

entitled to immediate reimbursement, on demand, from Association for such amounts so paid, plus 

interest thereon at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus two percent (2%), plus any costs of 

collection including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at all 

levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy. 

17.21 Rights to Pay Assessments and Receive Reimbursement. Association, Declarant 

and any Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, jointly and severally, and at their sole 

option, to pay any Assessments or other charges which are in default and which may or have 

become a lien or charge against any Lot or Home. If so paid, the party paying the same shall be 

subrogated to the enforcement rights of the Association with regard to the amounts due. 

17.22 Mortgagee Right. Each Lender may request in writing that Association notify such 

Lender of any default of the Owner of the Home subject to the Lender's mortgage which default 

is not cured within thirty (30) days after Association learns of such default. A failure by the 

Association to furnish notice to any Lender shall not result in liability of the Association because 

such notice is given as a courtesy to a Lender and the furnishing of such notice is not an obligation 

of the Association to Lender. 

17.23 Collection from Lessees. If a Home is occupied by a Lessee and the Owner is 

delinquent in the payment of Assessments, the Association may demand from the Lessee payment 

to the Association of all monetary obligations, including without limitation, Assessments due from 

the Owner to the Association. All such payments made by a Lessee to the Association shall be 

credited against rent and other sums due from such Lessee to such Owner. So long as the Owner 

remains delinquent, future rent payments due to the Owner must be paid to the Association and 

shall be credited to the monetary obligations of the Owner to the Association; provided, however, 

if within fourteen (14) days from the written demand of the Association, the Lessee provides the 

60 

003881 786.v7 

Page 62 of 139 
†
9774 G2685 

OR BK 

Association with written evidence of making prepaid rent payments, the Lessee shall receive a 

credit fˆr the prepaid rent for the applicable period of such prepaid rent. 

Information to Lenders and Owners. 

18. 

18.1 There shall be available for inspections upon request, during normal 

business hours or under other reasonable circumstances, to Owners and Lenders current copies of 

the Governing Documents. 

18.2 Copying. Any Owner and/or Lender shall be entitled, upon written request, and at 

its cost, to a copy of the documents referred to above. 

18.3 Notice. Upon written request by a Lender (identifying the name and address of the 

Lender and the name and address of the applicable Owner), the Lender will be entitled to timely 

written notice of: 

Page 63 of 139 

19. 

18.3. I Any condemnation loss or casualty loss which affects a material portion of 

a Home to the extent Association is notified of the same; 

18.3.2 Any delinquency in the payment of Assessments owed by an Owner of a 

Home subject to a first mortgage held by the Lender, which remains uncured for a period 

of sixty (60) days; 

18.3.3 Any lapse, cancellation, or material modification of any insurance policy or 

fidelity bond maintained hereunder; and 

18.3.4 Any proposed action that specifically requires the consent of a Lender. 

Architectural Control. 

19.1 Architectural Review Committee. The ARC shall be a permanent committee of the 

Association and shall administer and perform the architectural and landscape review and control 

functions relating to DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The ARC shall consist of a minimum of three (3) 

members who shall initially be named by Declarant and who shall hold office at the pleasure of 

Declarant, provided, however, that pursuant to Section 28.5 below, Founder has the option to 

appoint one (l ) member of the ARC until such time as Declarant has purchased all of the Additional 

Property from Founder pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract. 

Until the Community 

Completion Date, Declarant shall have the right to change the number of members on the ARC, 

and to appoint, remove, and replace all members of the ARC other than the member, if any, 

appointed by Founder. Declarant shall determine which members of the ARC shall serve as its 

chairman and co-chairman. In the event of the failure, refusal, or inability to act of any of the 

members appointed by Declarant, Declarant shall have the right to replace any member within 

thirty (30) days of such occurrence. If Declarant fails to replace that member, the remaining 

members of the ARC shall fill the vacancy by appointment. From and after the Community 

Completion Date, the Board shall have the same rights as Declarant with respect to the ARC. 

19.2 Membership. There is no requirement that any member of the ARC be a member 

of the Association. 

61 

003881 1 Il 74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2686 

OR BK 

19.3 General Plan. It is the intent of this Declaration to create a general plan and scheme 

of development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Accordingly, the ARC shall have the right to approve 

or disapprove all architectural, landscaping, and improvements within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by 

Owners. The ARC shall have the right to evaluate all plans and specifications as to consistency 

with the Architectural Guidelines and Approved Plans, harmony of exterior design, landscaping, 

location of any proposed improvements, relationship to surrounding structures, topography and 

conformity with such other reasonable requirements as shall be adopted by ARC. The ARC may 

impose standards for construction and development which may be greater or more stringent than 

standards prescribed in applicable building, zoning, or other local governmental codes. Prior to 

the Community Completion Date, any additional standards or modification of existing standards 

shall require the consent of Declarant, which may be granted or denied in its sole discretion. 

19.4 Master Plan. Declarant has established an overall Master Plan. However, 

notwithstanding the above, or any other document, brochures or plans, Declarant reserves the right 

to modify the Master Plan or any site plan at any time as it deems desirable in its sole discretion 

and in accordance with applicable laws and ordinances. WITHOUT LIMITING THE 

FOREGOING, DECLARANT MAY PRESENT TO THE PUBLIC OR TO OWNERS 

RENDERINGS, PLANS, MODELS, GRAPHICS, TOPOGRAPHICAL TABLES, SALES 

BROCHURES, OR OTHER PAPERS RESPECTING DEL WEBB BEXLEY. SUCH 

RENDERINGS, PLANS, MODELS, GRAPHICS, TOPOGRAPHICAL TABLES, SALES 

BROCHURES, OR OTHER PAPERS ARE NOT A GUARANTEE OF HOW DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY WILL APPEAR UPON COMPLETION AND DECLARANT RESERVES THE 

RIGHT TO CHANGE ANY AND ALL OF TI-IE FOREGOING AT ANY TIME AS DECLARANT 

DEEMS NECESSARY IN ITS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. 

19.5 Architectural Guidelines. Each Owner and its contractors and employees shall 

observe, and comply with, and all construction in DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be consistent with 

(i) the Architectural Guidelines which now or may hereafter be promulgated by the Declarant or 

the ARC and approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28.6 below and (ii) Approved Plans as 

approved by Founder pursuant to Section 28.8 below. The Architectural Guidelines and Approved 

Plans shall be effective from the date of adoption; shall be specifically enforceable by injunction 

or otherwise: and shall have the effect of covenants as if set forth herein verbatim. The 

Architectural Guidelines and Approved Plans shall not require any Owner to alter the 

improvements previously constructed. Until the Community Completion Date, Declarant, subject 

to approval of same by Founder pursuant to Sections 28.6 and 28.8 below, shall have the right to 

approve, adopt or amend the Architectural Guidelines and Approved Plans in its sole discretion. 

19.6 Quorum. A majority of the ARC shall constitute a quorum to transact business at 

any meeting. The action of a majority present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall 

constitute the action of the ARC. In lieu of a meeting, the ARC Inay act in writing. 

19.7 Power and Duties of the ARC. No improvements shall be constructed on a Lot, no 

exterior of a Home shall be repainted, no landscaping, sign, or impl'ovements erected, removed, 

planted, or installed upon on a Lot, nor shall any material addition to or any change, replacement, 

or alteration of the improvements as originally constructed by Declarant (visible from the exterior 

of the Home) be made until the plans and specifications showing the nature, kind, shape, height, 

62 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 64 of 139 
†
9774 G2687 

OR BK 

materials, floor plans, color scheme, and the location of same shall have been submitted to and 

approved in writing by the ARC. 

19.8 Procedure. In order to obtain the approval of the ARC, each Owner shall observe 

the following: 

19.8. I Each applicant shall submit an application to the ARC with respect to any 

proposed improvement or material change in an improvement, together with the required 

application(s) and other fee(s) as established by the ARC. The applications shall include 

such information as may be required by the application form adopted by the ARC. The 

ARC may also require submission of samples of building materials and colors proposed to 

be used. At the time of such submissions, the applicant shall, if requested, submit to the 

ARC, such site plans, plans and specifications for the proposed improvement, prepared and 

stamped by a registered Florida architect or residential designer, and landscaping and 

irrigation plans, prepared by a registered landscape architect or designer showing all 

existing trees and major vegetation stands and surface water drainage plan showing 

existing and proposed design grades, contours relating to the predetermined ground floor 

finish elevation, pool plans and specifications and the times scheduled for completion, all 

as reasonably specified by the ARC. 

19.8.2 In the event the information submitted to the ARC is, in the ARC's opinion, 

incomplete or insufficient in any manner, the ARC may request and require the submission 

of additional or supplemental information. The applicant shall, within fifteen (15) days 

thereafter, comply with the request. 

19.8.3 No later than forty-five (45) days after receipt of all information required 

by the ARC for final review, the ARC shall approve or deny the application in writing. The 

ARC shall have the right to refuse to approve any plans and specifications which are not 

suitable or desirable, in the ARC's sole discretion, for aesthetic or any other reasons or to 

impose qualifications and conditions thereon. In approving or disapproving such plans and 

specifications, the ARC shall consider the suitability of the proposed improvements, the 

materials of which the improvements are to be built, the site upon which the improvements 

are proposed to be erected, the harmony thereof with the surrounding area and the effect 

thereof on adjacent or neighboring property. In the event the ARC fails to respond within 

said forty-five (45) day period, the plans and specifications shall be deemed disapproved 

by the ARC. 

19.8.4 Construction of all improvements shall be completed within the time period 

set forth in the application and approved by the ARC. 

19.8.5 In the event that the ARC disapproves any plans and specifications, the 

applicant may request a rehearing by the ARC for additional review of the disapproved 

plans and specifications. The meeting shall take place no later than forty-five (45) days 

after written request for such meeting is received by the ARC, unless applicant waives this 

time requirement in writing. The ARC shall make a fmal written decision no later than 

forty-five (45) days after such meeting. In the event the ARC fails to provide such written 

63 

003881 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 65 of 139 
†
9774 G2688 

OR BK 

decision within said forty-five (45) days, the plans and specifications shall be deemed 

disapproved. 

19.8.6 Upon final disapproval (even if the members of the Board and the ARC are 

the same), the applicant may appeal the decision of the ARC to the Board within thirty (30) 

days of the ARC's written review and disapproval. Review by the Board shall take place 

no later than thirty (30) days subsequent to the receipt by the Board of the applicant's 

request therefor. If the Board fails to hold such a meeting within thirty (30) days after 

receipt of request for such meeting, then the plans and specifications shall be deemed 

disapproved. The Board shall make a final decision no later than sixty (60) days after such 

meeting. In the event the Board fails to provide such written decision within said sixty 

(60) days after such meeting, such plans and specifications shall be deemed disapproved. 

The decision of the ARC, or, if appealed, the Board, shall be final and binding upon the 

applicant, its heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 

19.9 Alterations. Any and all alterations, deletions, additions and changes of any type 

or nature whatsoever to then existing improvements or the plans or specifications previously 

approved by the ARC shall be subject to the approval of the ARC in the same manner as required 

for approval of original plans and specifications. 

19.10 Variances. Association or ARC shall have the power to grant variances from any 

requirements set forth in this Declaration or from the Architectural Guidelines, on a case by case 

basis, provided that the variance sought is reasonable and results from a hardship upon the 

applicant. The granting of a variance shall not nullify or otherwise affect the right to require strict 

compliance with the requirements set forth herein or in the Architectural Guidelines on any other 

occasion. 

19.11 Permits. Each Owner is solely responsible to obtain all required building and other 

permits from all governmental authorities having jurisdiction. 

19.12 Construction Activities. The following provisions govern construction activities by 

Owners after consent of the ARC has been obtained: 

Each Owner shall deliver to the ARC, if requested, copies of all 

19.12.1 

construction and building permits as and when received by the Owner, as applicable. Each 

construction site in DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be maintained in a neat and orderly 

condition throughout construction. Construction activities shall be performed on a diligent, 

workmanlike and continuous basis. Roadways, easements, swales, Common Areas, and 

other such areas in DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be kept clear of construction vehicles, 

construction materials and debris at all times. No construction office or trailer shall be kept 

in DEL WEBB BEXLEY and no construction materials shall be stored in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, subject, however, to such conditions and requirements as may be promulgated 

by the ARC. All refuse and debris shall be removed or deposited in a dumpster on a daily 

basis. No materials shall be deposited or permitted to be deposited in any Common Areas 

or other Lots or be placed anywhere outside of the Lot upon which the construction is 

taking place. No hazardous waste or toxic materials shall be stored, handled and used, 

including, without limitation, gasoline and petroleum products, except in compliance with 

64 

003881 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 66 of 139 
†
9774 G2689 

OR BK 

all applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances, and shall not be 

deposited in any manner on, in or within the construction or adjacent property. All 

construction activities shall comply with the Architectural Guidelines. If an Owner (or any 

of its contractors and employees) shall fail to comply in any regard with the requirements 

of this Section, the ARC may require that such Owner post security with the Association 

in such form and such amount deemed appropriate by the ARC in its sole discretion. 

There shall be provided to the ARC, if requested, a list (name, 

19.12.2 

address, telephone number and identity of contact person), of all contractors, 

subcontractors, materialmen and suppliers (collectively, "Contractors") and changes to 

the list as they occur relating to construction. The ARC shall have the right to require that 

each Contractor's employees check in at the designated construction entrances and to 

refuse entrance to persons and parties whose names are not registered with the ARC. 

Each Owner is responsible for ensuring compliance with all terms 

19.12.3 

and conditions of these provisions and of the Architectural Guidelines by all of its 

employees and Contractors. In the event of any violation of any such terms or conditions 

by any employee or Contractor, or, in the opinion of the ARC, the continued refusal of any 

employee or Contractor to comply with such terms and conditions, after five (5) days' 

notice and right to cure, the ARC shall have, in addition to the other rights hereunder, the 

right to prohibit the violating employee or Contractor from performing any further services 

in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

The ARC may, from time to time, adopt standards governing the 

19.12.4 

performance or conduct of Owners, Contractors and their respective employees within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY Each Owner and Contractor shall comply with such standards and 

cause its respective employees to also comply with same. The ARC may also promulgate 

requirements to be inserted in all contracts relating to construction within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY and each Owner shall include the same therein. 

19.13 Inspection. There is specifically reserved to the Association and ARC and to any 

agent or member of either of them, the right of entry and inspection upon any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY at any time within reasonable daytime hours, for the purpose of determining 

whether there exists any violation of the terms of any approval or the terms of this Declaration or 

the Architectural Guidelines. 

19.14 Violation. Without limiting any other provision herein, if any improvement shall 

be constructed or altered without prior written approval, or in a manner which fails to conform 

with the approval granted, the Owner, as applicable, shall, upon demand of the Association or the 

ARC, cause such improvement to be removed, or restored until approval is obtained or in order to 

comply with the plans and specifications originally approved. The applicable Owner shall be liable 

for the payment of all costs of removal or restoration, including all costs and attorneys' fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy, incurred by the 

Association or ARC. The costs shall be deemed an Individual Assessrnent and enforceable 

pursuant to the provisions of this Declaration. The ARC and/or Association are specifically 

empowered to enforce the architectural and landscaping provisions of this Declaration and the 

Architectural Guidelines, by any legal or equitable remedy. 

65 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 67 of 139 
†
9774 G2690 

OR BK 

In the event that it becomes necessary to resort to litigation to 

19.15 Court Costs. 

determine the propriety of any constructed improvement or to cause the removal of any 

unapproved improvement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover court costs, expenses 

and attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at all levels, including appeals, collections and 

bankruptcy, in connection therewith. 

19.16 Certificate of Non-Compliance. In the event that any Owner fails to comply with 

the provisions contained herein, the Architectural Guidelines, or other rules and regulations 

promulgated by the ARC, the Association and/or ARC may, in addition to all other remedies 

contained herein, record a Certificate of Non-Compliance against the Lot stating that the 

improvements on the Lot fail to meet the requirements of this Declaration and that the Lot is 

subject to further enforcement remedies. 

19.17 Certificate of Compliance. If requested by an Owner, prior to the occupancy of any 

improvement constructed or erected on any Lot by other than Declarant, or its designees, the 

Owner shall obtain a Certificate of Compliance from the ARC, certifying that the Owner, as 

applicable, has complied with the requirements set forth herein. The ARC may, from time to time, 

delegate to a member or members of the ARC the responsibility for issuing the Certificate of 

Compliance. The issuance of a Certificate of Compliance does not abrogate the ARC's rights set 

forth in this Section 19. The issuance of a Certificate of Compliance by the ARC with respect to 

any improvements shall not be deemed a representation that such improvements comply with any 

or all applicable health, safety or building codes applicable to such improvements or representation 

regarding the structural integrity, workmanship, materials, design, systems, safety or any other 

aspect or matter with respect to such improvements. 

19.18 Exemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, or in the 

Architectural Guidelines, any improvements of any nature made or to be made by Declarant or 

CDD, including without limitation, improvements made or to be made to the Common Areas, CDD 

Facilities or any Lot, shall not be subject to the review of the ARC, the Association, or the 

provisions of this Declaration or the Architectural Guidelines, but shall be in compliance with 

Approved Plans as provided in Section 28.8 below. 

19.19 Exculpation. Declarant, Association, the directors or officers of the Association, 

the ARC, the members of the ARC, or any person acting on behalf of any of them, shall not be 

liable for any cost or damages incurred by any Owner or any other party whatsoever, due to any 

mistakes in judgment, negligence, or any action of Declarant, Association, ARC or their members, 

officers, or directors, in connection with the approval or disapproval of plans and specifications or 

the issuance of a Certificate of Non-Compliance or a Certificate of Compliance with respect to 

such Owner's Lot or any improvements constructed thereon. Each Owner agrees, individually and 

on behalf of its heirs, successors and assigns by acquiring title to a Lot, that it shall not bring any 

action or suit against Declarant, Association or their respective directors or officers, the ARC or 

the members of the ARC, or their respective agents, in order to recover any damages caused by 

the actions of Declarant, Association, or ARC or their respective members, officers, or directors in 

connection with the provisions of this Section. Association does hereby indemnify, defend and 

hold Declarant, and the ARC, and each of their members, officers, and directors harmless from all 

costs, expenses, and liabilities, including attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at all levels, 

including appeals, of all nature resulting by virtue of the acts of the Owners, the Association, ARC 

66 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 68 of 139 
†
9774 G2691 

OR BK 

or their members, officers and directors. Declarant, Association, its directors or officers, the ARC 

or its members, or any person acting on behalf of any of them, shall not be responsible for any 

defects in any plans or specifications or the failure of same to comply with applicable laws or code 

nor for any defects in any improvements constructed pursuant thereto. Each party submitting plans 

and specifications for approval shall be solely responsible for the sufficiency thereof and for the 

quality of construction performed pursuant thereto. 

Enforcement. 

20. 

20.1 Right to Cure. Should any Owner do any of the following: 

20.1. I Fail to perform its responsibilities as set forth herein or in this Declaration 

or otherwise breach the provisions of this Declaration including, without limitation, any 

provision herein or therein benefiting SWF WMD; 

20.1.2 Cause any damage to any improvement or Common Areas; 

20.1.3 Impede Declarant or Association from exercising its rights or performing 

its responsibilities hereunder; or 

20.1.4 Undertake unauthorized improvements or modifications to a Lot or 

Common Areas; or 

20.1.5 Impede Declarant from proceeding with or completing the development of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as the case may be; 

Then Declarant and/or Association, where applicable, after reasonable prior written notice, 

shall have the right, through its agents and employees, to cure the breach, including, but not limited 

to, the entering upon the Lot and causing the default to be remedied and/or the required repairs or 

maintenance to be performed, or as the case may be, remove unauthorized improvements or 

modifications. The cost thereof, plus reasonable overhead costs and attorneys' fees and 

paraprofessional fees at all levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy, incurred shall be 

assessed against the Owner, as applicable, as an Individual Assessment. 

20.2 Non-Monetary Defaults. In the event of a violation by any Owner, other than the 

nonpayment of any Assessment or other monies, of any of the provisions of this Declaration, 

Declarant or Association shall notify the Owner of the violation, by written notice. If such 

violation is not cured as soon as practicable and in any event within seven (7) days after such 

written notice, the party entitled to enforce same may, at its option: 

20.2. I Commence an action to enforce the performance on the part of the Owner, 

as applicable, or to enjoin the violation or breach or for equitable relief as may be necessary 

under the circumstances, including injunctive relief: and/or 

20.2.2 Commence an action to recover damages: and/or 

20.2.3 Take any and all action reasonably necessary to correct the violation or 

breach. 

67 

003881 1 \ 174366\3431786.v7 

Page 69 of 139 
†
9774 G2692 

OR BK 

All expenses incurred in connection with the violation or breach, or the commencement of 

any action against any Owner, including reasonable attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees at all 

levels including appeals, collections and bankruptcy shall be assessed against the Owner, as 

applicable, as an Individual Assessment, and shall be immediately due and payable without further 

notice. 

20.3 No Waiver. The failure to enforce any right, provision, covenant or condition in 

this Declaration, shall not constitute a waiver of the right to enforce such right, provision, covenant 

or condition in the future. 

20.4 Rights Cumulative. All rights, remedies, and privileges granted to Declarant, 

Association and/or the ARC pursuant to any terms, provisions, covenants or conditions of this 

Declaration, or Architectural Guidelines, shall be deemed to be cumulative, and the exercise of 

any one or more shall neither be deemed to constitute an election of remedies, nor shall it preclude 

any of them from pursuing such additional remedies, rights or privileges as may be granted or as 

it might have by law. 

20.5 Enforcement B or A ainst Other Persons. In addition to the foregoing, this 

Declaration or Architectural Guidelines may be enforced by Declarant and/or, where applicable, 

the CDD, Owners, and/or the Association by any procedure at law or in equity against any person 

violating or attempting to violate any provision herein, to restrain such violation, to require 

compliance with the provisions contained herein, to recover damages, or to enforce any lien created 

herein. The expense of any litigation to enforce this Declaration or Architectural Guidelines shall 

be borne by the person against whom enforcement is sought, provided such proceeding results in 

a fmding that such person was in violation of this Declaration or the Architectural Guidelines. 

SWF WMD shall have the right to enforce, by a proceeding at law or in equity, the provisions 

contained in the Declaration which relate to the maintenance, operation and repair of S W MS. 

20.6 Fines and Suspensions. Association may suspend, for reasonable periods of time, 

the rights of an Owner or an Owner's tenants, guests and invitees, or both, to use the Common 

Areas and may levy reasonable fines, not to exceed the maximum amounts permitted by Section 

720.305(2), Florida Statutes, against an Owner, tenant, guest or invitee, for failure to comply with 

any provision of this Declaration including, without limitation, those provisions benefiting 

SWF WMD and the Rules and Regulations and Architectural Guidelines. 

20.6. I A fine may be levied on the basis of each day of a continuing violation, with 

a single notice and opportunity for hearing. Fines in the aggregate are not capped to any 

amount. 

20.6.2 A fine or suspension may not be imposed without notice of at least fourteen 

(14) days to the person sought to be fined or suspended and an opportunity for a hearing 

before a committee of at least three (3) persons (the "Compliance Committee") appointed 

by the Board who are not officers, directors or employees of the Association, or the spouse, 

parent, child, brother, sister of an officer, director or employee. If the Compliance 

Committee does not by a majority vote approve a fine or suspension the same may not be 

imposed. The written notice of violation shall be in writing to the Owner, tenant, guest or 

invitee and detail the infraction or infractions. Included in the notice shall be the date and 

68 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 70 of 139 
†
9774 G2693 

OR BK 

time of the hearing of the Compliance Committee. If the Association imposes a fine or 

suspension, the Association must provide written notice of such suspension by mail or hand 

delivery to the Owner or Lessee. The notice and hearing requirements under this Section 

20.6.2 do not apply to suspensions imposed due to an Owner's failure to pay monetary 

obligations due to the Association; however, any such suspension must be approved at a 

properly noticed meeting of the Association's Board of Directors. 

20.6.3 The non-compliance shall be presented to the Compliance Committee 

acting as a tribunal, after which the Compliance Committee shall hear reasons why a fine 

or suspension should not be imposed. The hearing shall be conducted in accordance with 

the procedures adopted by the Compliance Committee from time to time. A written 

decision of the Compliance Committee shall be submitted to the Owner, tenant, guest or 

invitee, as applicable, by not later than twenty-one (21) days after the meeting of the 

Compliance Committee. The Owner, tenant, guest or invitee shall have a right to be 

represented by counsel and to cross-examine witnesses. 

20.6.4 The Compliance Committee may impose a fine against the Owner in the 

amount of One Hundred and no/ 100 Dollars ($100.00) (or any greater amount permitted 

by law from time to time) for each violation. Each day of noncompliance shall be treated 

as a separate violation and there is no cap on the aggregate amount the Compliance 

Committee may fine an Owner, tenant, guest or invitee. Fines shall be paid not later than 

five (5) days after notice of the imposition of the fine. All monies received from fines shall 

be allocated as directed by the Board of Directors. Any fine in excess of One Thousand 

Dollars ($ I ,000.00) shall constitute a lien against the applicable Lot, and a fine shall further 

be lienable to the extent otherwise permitted under Florida law. 

20.6.5 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Compliance Committee may not 

suspend the right of any Owner, Lessee, Immediate Family Member, guest or invitee to use 

those portions of the Common Areas used to provide access or utility services to any Lot 

or Home or impose a suspension which impairs the right of any Owner, Lessee or 

Immediate Family Member to have vehicular and pedestrian ingress to and egress from 

their Lot or Home, including, but not limited to, the right to park vehicles as permitted in 

this Declaration. 

Additional Rights of Declarant. 

21. 

21.1 Sales and Administrative Offices. Declarant shall have the perpetual right to take 

such action reasonably necessary to transact any business necessary to consummate the 

development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and sales and re-sales of Lots, Homes and/01' other 

properties owned by Declarant or others outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. This right shall include, 

but not be limited to, the right to maintain models, sales offices and parking associated therewith, 

have signs on any portion ofDEL WEBB BEXLEY, including Common Areas and CDD Facilities, 

as applicable, employees in the models and offices without the payment of rent or any other fee, 

maintain offices in models and use of the Common Areas and CDD Facilities, as applicable, to 

show Lots or Elomes. The sales office and signs and all items pertaining to development and sales 

remain the property of Declarant. Declarant shall have all of the foregoing rights without charge 

or expense. The rights reserved hereunder shall extend beyond the Turnover Date. 

69 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 71 of 139 
†
9774 G2694 

OR BK 

21.2 Modification. The development and marketing of DEL WEBB BEXLEY will 

continue as deemed appropriate in Declarant's sole discretion, and nothing in this Declaration or 

Architectural Guidelines, or otherwise, shall be construed to limit or restrict such development and 

marketing. It may be necessary or convenient for the development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY to, 

as an example and not a limitation, amend the Master Plan, modify the boundary lines of the 

Common Areas, grant easements, dedications, agreements, licenses, restrictions, reservations, 

covenants, rights-of-way, and to take such other actions which Declarant, or its agents, affiliates, 

or assignees may deem necessary or appropriate. Association and Owners shall, at the request of 

Declarant, execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments which Declarant deems 

necessary or convenient, in its sole and absolute discretion, to accomplish the same. 

21.3 Promotional Events. Prior to the Community Completion Date, Declarant shall 

have the right, at any time, to hold marketing, special and/or promotional events within DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY and/or on the Common Areas without any charge for use. Declarant, its agents, 

affiliates, or assignees shall have the right to market DEL WEBB BEXLEY in advertisements and 

other media by making reference to DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including, but not limited to, pictures 

or drawings of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, Common Areas, Parcels and Homes constructed in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. All logos, trademarks, and designs used in connection with DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY are the property of Declarant, and Association shall have no right to use the same after 

the Community Completion Date except with the express written permission of Declarant. 

21.4 Use by Prospective Purchasers. Prior to the Community Completion Date, 

Declarant shall have the right, without charge, to use the Common Areas, including the 

Recreational Facilities, for the purpose of entertaining prospective purchasers of Lots, Homes, or 

other properties owned by Declarant outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

21.5 Franchises. Declarant may grant franchises or concessions to commercial concerns 

on all or part of the Common Areas and shall be entitled to all income derived therefrom. 

21.6 Management. The Declarant may contract with a third party ("Manager") for 

management of the Association and the Common Areas. 

21.7 Easements. Until the Community Completion Date, Declarant reserves the right to 

grant, in its sole discretion, easements, permits and/or licenses for ingress and egress, drainage, 

utilities, maintenance, Telecommunications Services and other purposes over, under, upon and 

across DEL WEBB BEXLEY so long as any said easements do not materially and adversely 

interfere with the intended use of Homes previously conveyed to Owners. By way of example, 

and not of limitation, Declarant may be required to take certain action, or make additions or 

modifications to the Common Areas in connection with an environmental program. All easements 

necessary for such purposes are reserved in favor of Declarant, in perpetuity, for such purposes. 

Without limiting the foregoing, Declarant may relocate any easement affecting a Lot, or grant new 

easements over a Lot, after conveyance to an Owner, without the joinder or consent of such Owner, 

as applicable, so long as the grant of easement or relocation of easement does not materially and 

adversely affect the Owner's use of the Lot. As an illustration, Declarant may grant an easement 

for telecommunications systems, irrigation, drainage lines or electrical lines over any portion of a 

Lot so long as such easement is outside the footprint of the foundation of any residential 

improvement constructed on such Lot. Declarant shall have the sole right to any fees of any nature 

70 

003881 74366\343 786.v7 

Page 72 of 139 
†
9774 G2695 

OR BK 

associated therewith, including, but not limited to, license or similar fees on account thereof. The 

Association and Owners will, without charge, if requested by Declarant: (i) join in the creation of 

such easements, etc. and cooperate in the operation thereof; and (ii) collect and remit fees 

associated therewith, if any, to the appropriate party. The Association will not grant any easements, 

permits or licenses to any other entity providing the same services as those granted by Declarant, 

nor will it grant any such easement, permit or license prior to the Community Completion Date 

without the prior written consent of Declarant which may be granted or denied in Declarant's 

discretion. 

21.8 Right to Enforce. Declarant has the right, but not the obligation, to enforce the 

provisions of this Declaration and the Architectural Guidelines and to recover all costs relating 

thereto, including attorneys' fees and paraprofessional fees and cost at all levels of proceeding, 

including before trial, in mediation, arbitration and other alternative dispute, resolution 

proceedings, at all trial levels and appeals, collections and bankruptcy. Such right shall include 

the right to perform the obligations of the Association and to recover all costs incurred in doing 

so. 

21.9 Additional Development. Subject to Section 28 below, if Declarant withdraws 

portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY from the operation of this Declaration, then Declarant may, but 

is not required to, subject to governmental approvals, create other forms of residential property 

ownership or other improvements of any nature on the property not subjected to or withdrawn 

from the operation of this Declaration. Declarant shall not be liable or responsible to any person 

or entity on account of its decision to do so or to provide, or fail to provide, the amenities and/or 

facilities which were originally planned to be included in such areas. If so designated by Declarant, 

owners or tenants of such other forms of housing or improvements upon their creation may share 

in the use of all or some of the Common Areas and other facilities and/or roadways that remain 

subject to this Declaration. The expense of the operation of such facilities shall be allocated to the 

various users thereof, if at all, as determined by Declarant. 

21.10 Representations. Declarant makes no representations concerning development 

both within and outside the boundaries of DEL WEBB BEXLEY including, but not limited to, the 

number, design, boundaries, configuration and arrangements, prices of all Parcels or Homes and 

buildings in all other proposed forms of ownership and/or other improvements on DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY or adjacent to or near DEL WEBB BEXLEY, including, but not limited to, the size, 

location, configuration, elevations, design, building materials, height, view, airspace, number of 

homes, number of buildings, location of easements, parking and landscaped areas, services and 

amenities offered regarding the Common Areas and Recreational Facilities. 

21.11 Access/Entrance/Exit Gates O en Durin Da time Hours. Until the Community 

Completion Date, Declarant reserve a right and easement for access over and through the streets, 

private roadways, and sidewalks of DEL WEBB BEXLEY for ingress and egress for Declarant's 

employees, agents, contractors, subconti'actors, deliverymen, vendors, customers and invitees. At 

Declarant's sole option, until the Community Completion Date, all entrance or exit gates limiting 

access to DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be open every day, including weekends and holidays, during 

hours to be established by Declarant from time to time (the "Declarant Operating Hours"). 

71 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 73 of 139 
†
9774 G2696 

OR BK 

21.12 NeuzLjabjlj-ty. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN 

THE GOVERNING DOCUMENTS, THE DECLARANT, THE ASSOCIATION AND THE 

INDEMNIFIED PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR, OR IN ANY 

MANNER A GUARANTOR OR INSURER OF, THE HEALTH, SAFETY OR WELFARE OF 

ANY OWNER, OCCUPANT OR USER OF ANY PORTION OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, RESIDENTS AND THEIR FAMILIES, GUESTS, 

LESSEES, LICENSEES, INVITEES, AGENTS, SERVANTS, CONTRACTORS, AND/OR 

SUBCONTRACTORS OR FOR ANY PROPERTY OF ANY SUCH WITHOUT LIMITING THE 

GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING: 

Page 74 of 139 

21.12.1 

IT IS THE EXPRESS INTENT OF GOVERNING DOCUMENTS 

THAT THE VARIOUS PROVISIONS THEREOF WHICH ARE ENFORCEABLE BY 

ASSOCIATION AND WHICH GOVERN OR REGULATE THE USES OF DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY HAVE BEEN WRITTEN, AND ARE TO BE INTERPRETED AND 

ENFORCED, FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF ENHANCING AND MAINTAINING 

THE ENJOYMENT OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY AND THE VALUE THEREOF: 

21.12.2 

ASSOCIATION IS NOT EMPOWERED, AND HAS NOT BEEN 

CREATED, TO ACT AS AN AGENCY WHICH ENFORCES OR ENSURES THE 

COMPLIANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA AND/OR THE 

COUNTY OR PREVENTS TORTIOUS ACTIVITIES; 

21.12.3 

THE PROVISIONS OF GOVERNING DOCUMENTS SETTING 

FORTH THE USES OF ASSESSMENTS SHALL BE APPLIED ONLY AS 

LIMITATIONS ON THE USES OF ASSESSMENT FUNDS AND NOT AS CREATING 

A DUTY OF THE ASSOCIATION TO PROTECT OR FURTHER THE HEALTH, 

SAFETY, OR WELFARE OF ANY PERSON(S), EVEN IF ASSESSMENT FUNDS ARE 

CHOSEN TO BE USED FOR ANY SUCH REASON; AND 

21.12.4 

EACH OWNER (BY VIRTUE Of ITS ACCEPTANCE OF TITLE 

TO A HOME) AND EACH OTHER PERSON HAVING AN INTEREST IN OR LIEN 

UPON, OR MAKING A USE OF, ANY PORTION OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY (BY 

VIRTUE OF ACCEPTING SUCH INTEREST OR LIEN OR MAKING SUCH USE) 

SHALL BE BOUND BY THIS SECTION AND SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 

AUTOMATICALLY WAIVED ANY AND ALL RIGHTS, CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND 

CAUSES OF ACTION AGAINST ASSOCIATION, DECLARANT AND INDEMNIFIED 

PARTIES ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED WITH ANY MArrrrER FOR WHICH 

THE LIABILITY OF THE ASSOCIATION, DECLARANT AND INDEMNIFIED 

PARTIES HAS BEEN DISCLAIMED IN THIS SECTION OR OTHERWISE. 

21.13 Resolution of Disputes. BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED, EACH OWNER 

AGREES THAT THE GOVERNING DOCUMENTS ARE VERY COMPLEX; THEREFORE, 

ANY CLAIM, DEMAND ACTION, OR CAUSE OF ACTION, WITH RESPECT TO ANY 

ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM COUNTERCLAIM, OR CROSS CLAIM, WHETHER IN 

CONTRACT AND/OR IN TORT (REGARDLESS IF THE TORT ACTION IS PRESENTLY 

RECOGNIZED OR NOT), BASED ON, ARISING OUT OF IN CONNECTION WITH OR IN 

ANY WAY RELATED TO GOVERNING DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING ANY COURSE OF 

72 

003881 74366\343 1786.v7 
†
9774 G2697 

OR BK 

CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, VERBAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENT, VALIDATION 

PROTECTION, ENFORCEMENT ACTION OR OMISSION OF ANY PARTY SHOULD BE 

HEARD IN A COURT PROCEEDING BY A JUDGE AND NOT A JURY IN ORDER TO BEST 

SERVE JUSTICE. DECLARANT HEREBY SUGGESTS THAT EACH OWNER 

UNDERSTAND THE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES OF ACCEPTING A DEED TO A HOME. 

21.14 Venue. EACH OWNER ACKNOWLEDGES REGARDLESS OF WHERE SUCH 

OWNER (i) EXECUTED A PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT, (ii) RESIDES, (iii) 

OBTAINS FINANCING OR (iv) CLOSED ON A HOME, EACH HOME IS LOCATED IN 

PASCO COUNTY, FLORIDA. ACCORDINGLY, AN IRREBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION 

EXISTS THAT THE APPROPRIATE VENUE FOR THE RESOLUTION OF ANY DISPUTE 

LIES IN PASCO COUNTY, FLORIDA. IN ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, EACH OWNER 

AND DECLARANT AGREES THAT THE VENUE FOR RESOLUTION OF ANY DISPUTE 

LIES IN PASCO COUNTY, FLORIDA. 

21.15 Reliance. BEFORE ACCEPTING A DEED TO A HOME, EACH OWNER HAS 

AN OPPORTUNITY TO RETAIN AN ATTORNEY IN ORDER TO CONFIRM THE VALIDITY 

OF THIS DECLARATION. BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO A HOME, EACH OWNER 

ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE OR SHE HAS SOUGHT AND RECEIVED SUCH AN OPINION 

OR HAS MADE AN AFFIRMATIVE DECISION NOT TO SEEK SUCH AN OPINION. 

DECLARANT IS RELYING ON EACH OWNER CONFIRMING IN ADVANCE OF 

ACQUIRING A HOME THAT THIS DECLARATION IS VALID, FAIR AND ENFORCEABLE, 

SUCH RELIANCE IS DETRIMENTAL TO DECLARANT AND ACCORDINGLY, AN 

ESTOPPEL AND WAIVER EXISTS PROHIBITING EACH OWNER FROM TAKING THE 

POSITION THAT ANY PROVISION OF THIS DECLARATION IS INVALID IN ANY 

RESPECT. AS A FURTHER MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR DECLARANT TO SUBJECT 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY TO THIS DECLARATION AND/OR SELL A LOT OR HOME TO SUCH 

OWNER, EACH OWNER, BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED WITH RESPECT TO THEIR LOT 

OR HOME, SHALL BE DEEMED TO RELEASE, WAIVE, DISCHARGE, COVENANT NOT 

TO SUE, ACQUIT, SATISFY AND FOREVER DISCHARGE DECLARANT AND THE 

DECLARANT INDEMNIFIED PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY, CLAIMS, 

COUNTERCLAIMS, DEFENSES, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, SUITS, 

CONTROVERSIES, AGREEMENTS, PROMISES AND DEMANDS WHATSOEVER IN LAW 

OR IN EQUITY WHICH AN OWNER MAY HAVE IN THE FUTURE, OR WHICH ANY 

PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE, SUCCESSOR, HEIR OR ASSIGN OF OWNER 

HEREAFTER CAN, SHALL OR MAY HAVE AGAINST DECLARANT AND THE 

DECLARANT INDEMNIFIED PARTIES, FOR, UPON OR BY REASON OF ANY MATTER, 

CAUSE OR THING WHATSOEVER RESPECTING THIS DECLARATION, OR THE 

EXHIBITS HERETO. THIS RELEASE AND WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE AS BROAD 

AND INCLUSIVE AS PERMITTED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA. 

21.16 Duration of Rights. The rights of Declarant sets forth in this Declaration shall, 

unless specifically provided to the contrary herein, extend for a period of time ending upon the 

earlier of: (i) the Community Completion Date or (ii) a relinquishment by Declarant in an 

amendment to the Declaration recorded in the Public Records. 

73 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 75 of 139 
†
9774 G2698 

OR BK 

21.17 Additional Covenants. The Declarant may record additional covenants, conditions, 

restrictions, and easements applicable to portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and may form 

condominium associations, sub-associations, or cooperatives governing such property. Any such 

instrument shall be consistent with the provisions of Section 4, and no person or entity shall record 

any declaration of covenants, conditions and restrictions, or declaration of condominium or similar 

instrument affecting any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY without Declarant's prior review and 

prior written consent. Evidence of Declarant's prior written consent shall be obtained in the form 

of a joinder executed by the Declarant. Any attempted recordation without such consent shall 

result in such instrument being void and of no force and effect unless subsequently approved by 

written consent signed by the Declarant and recorded in the Public Records. 

21.18 Right to Approve Sales Materials. Prior to the Community Completion Date, all 

sales, promotional, and advertising materials for any sale of property in DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

may be subject to the prior written approval of Declarant. Declarant shall deliver notice of 

Declarant's approval or disapproval of all such materials and documents within thirty (30) days of 

receipt of such materials and documents, and, if disapproved, set forth the specific changes 

requested. If Declarant fails to do so within such thirty (30) day period, Declarant shall be deemed 

to have waived any objections to such materials and documents and to have approved the 

foregoing. Upon disapproval, the foregoing procedure shall be repeated until approval is obtained 

or deemed to be obtained. 

21.19 Use Name of Bexley, DEL WEBB BEXLEY and Del Webb Marks. No person or 

entity shall use the name "DEL WEBB BEXLEY," its logo, or any derivative of such name or logo 

in any printed or promotional material without the Declarant's prior written approval. Until the 

Turnover Date, the Declarant shall have the sole right to approve the use of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

name and logo, and such right shall automatically pass to the Association after the Turnover Date. 

However, Owners may use the name DEL WEBB BEXLEY in printed or promotional matter 

where such term is used solely to specify that particular property is located within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY. Del Webb Corporation is an affiliate of Declarant. Any use by the Association of names, 

marks, or symbols of Del Webb Corporation or any of its affiliates (collectively "Del Webb 

Marks") shall inure to the benefit of Del Webb Corporation and shall be subject to Del Webb 

Corporation's periodic review for quality control. The Association shall enter into license 

agreements with Del Webb Corporation, terminable with or without cause and in a form specified 

by Del Webb Corporation in its sole discretion, with respect to permissive use of certain Del Webb 

Marks. The Association shall not use any Del Webb Mark without Del Webb Corporation's prior 

written consent. 

The name "BEXLEY," along with all logos associated with such name, are the proprietary 

trade names and/or service marks of the Founder or its affiliates. No person or entity, including 

Declarant, shall use the name "Bexley," or any associated logo or depiction, for advertising or any 

other purpose in any promotional material, whether printed, audio, video, or otherwise, in any 

signage, on any Internet website, or in any logo or depictions, without the prior written consent of 

the Founder or the owner of such mark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 

Declaration, Founder, or the owner of such "Bexley" trade names and services marks, shall not be 

deemed to consent to the use of trade naines and/or service marks, or in any way to waive its rights 

thereto, by failure to consent or withhold consent in writing within any time required by this 

Declaration for Founder's consent. The Founder, or the mark or trademark owner may condition 

74 

Page 76 of 139 
†
9774 G2699 

OR BK 

the use of protected nanles or marks upon the signing of one or more license agreement(s), which 

are intended to protect the tradenames and service marks from unauthorized use by others. Such 

license agreement(s) shall be non-exclusive, non-transferable, and in form and substance 

acceptable to the owner of the mark. Subject to such licensing agreements, the Association may 

use the word "Bexley" in its naine. Other use by the Association, any Owner or the Declarant, is 

subject to the restrictions imposed in this section or otherwise imposed by Founder. 

21.20 Density Transfers. If any party shall develop any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

so that the number of Lots contained in such portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY is less than the 

allowable number of Lots allocated by governmental authorities to that particular Parcel, the 

excess allowable Lots not used by the such party (with respect to that Parcel) shall inure to the 

benefit of Declarant. 

21.21 Equal Treatment. So long as Declarant owns any property described in Exhibit "1" 

or "5", neither the Association nor any other entity shall, without the prior written consent of 

Declarant, adopt any policy, rule, or procedure that: 

limits the access of Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or 

21.21.1 

affiliates or their personnel and/or guests, including visitors, to the Common Areas of the 

Association or to any property owned by any of them; 

limits or prevents Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or affiliates 

21.21.2 

or their personnel from advertising, marketing, or using the Association or its Common 

Areas or any property owned by any of them in promotional materials; 

limits or prevents purchasers of new Homes constructed by 

21.21.3 

Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or affiliates in DEL WEBB BEXLEY (including 

purchasers qualifying under Section 16.2) from becoming members of the Association or 

enjoying full use of its Common Areas subject to the membership provisions of this 

Declaration and the Bylaws; 

impacts the ability of Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or 

21.21.4 

affiliates, to carry out to completion its development plans and related construction 

activities for DEL WEBB BEXLEY, as such plans are expressed in the Master Plan, as 

such may be amended and updated from time to time. Policies, rules, or procedures 

affecting the provisions of existing easements established by Declarant and limiting the 

establishment by Declarant of easements necessary to complete DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

shall be expressly included in this provision. Easements that may be established by 

Declarant shall include but shall not be limited to easements for development, construction 

and landscaping activities, access, drainage and utilities; or 

impacts the ability of Declarant, its successors, assigns and/or 

21.21.5 

affiliates to develop and conduct customer service progl'alns and activities with respect to 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY in a customary and reasonable manner. 

The Association shall not exercise its authority over the Common Areas (including, but not 

limited to, any gated entrances and other means of access to DEL WEBB BEXLEY or the 

Additional Property) in a manner that interferes with the rights of Declarant set forth in this 

75 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 77 of 139 
†
9774 G2700 

OR BK 

Declaration or to impede access to any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY or the Additional Property 

over the streets and other Common Areas within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. The Association shall not 

condone, encourage it members or participate in public assembly for the purpose of interfering 

with Declarant's business within DEL WEBB BEXLEY or engage in any activity that presents a 

public health or safety risk. 

21.22 Vacation Getaways. Declarant may, in its discretion, construct residential 

improvements and contract with third party providers for temporary occupancy in or adjacent to 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and designate such improvements as within Declarants vacation program 

(the "Vacation Getaways"). Such Vacation Getaway units located outside of DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY shall not be Lots, and their owners shall not be Members of the Association. Vacation 

Getaway units shall have access to the Common Area and Recreational Facilities, including the 

Community Amenity, in consideration of the payment of reasonable use fees as provided by an 

arrangement negotiated between Declarant and Association prior to the commencement of such 

program. 

Owners of Vacation Getaway Homes located within DEL WEBB BEXLEY shall be 

Members of the Association. Declarant may transfer or lease Vacation Getaway Homes and make 

Vacation Getaway Homes available for use by guests. Occupants of the Vacation Getaway Homes 

and units, whether located within or outside of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, shall have a non-exclusive 

easement for use, access and enjoyment in and to the Common Area, including but not limited to 

any Recreational Facilities and the Community Amenity. The Board shall assign Activity Cards 

or use privilege cards to Declarant on behalf of all owners of Vacation Getaway Homes located in 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY or Vacation Getaway units located outside DEL WEBB BEXLEY for the 

purpose of exercising such easement. Vacation Getaway Homes shall remain Vacation Getaway 

Homes until Declarant otherwise provides in written notice to the owner of such Vacation Getaway 

Home and to the Association. 

22. Refund of Taxes and Other Charges. Unless otherwise provided herein, Association agrees 

that any taxes, fees or other charges paid by Declarant to any governmental authority, utility 

company or any other entity which at a later date are refunded in whole or in part, shall be returned 

to Declarant in the event such refund is received by the Association. 

23. Assignment of Powers. Subject to Founder's prior written consent, all or any part of the 

rights, exemptions and powers and reservations of Declarant, as the case may be, herein contained 

may be conveyed or assigned in whole or part to other persons or entities by an instrument in 

writing duly executed, acknowledged and recorded in the Public Records. 

24. General Provisions. 

24.1 Authority of Board. Except when a vote of the membership of the Association is 

specifically required, all decisions, duties, and obligations of the Association hereunder may be 

made by the Board. The Association and Owners shall be bound thereby. 

Invalidation of any of the provisions of this Declaration by judgment 

24.2 Severabilit 

or court order shall in no way affect any other provision, and the remainder of this Declaration 

shall remain in full force and effect. 

76 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 78 of 139 
†
9774 G2701 

OR BK 

24.3 Execution of Documents. Declarant's plan of development for the Property 

including, without limitation, the creation of one (l) or more special taxing districts may 

necessitate from time to time the execution of certain documents as required by governmental 

agencies. To the extent that said documents require the joinder of Owners, Declarant, by its duly 

authorized officers, may, as the agent or the attorney-in-fact for the Owners, execute, acknowledge 

and deliver such documents (including, without limitation, any consents or other documents 

required by any governmental agencies in connection with the creation of any special taxing 

district); and the Owners, by virtue of their acceptance of deeds, irrevocably nominate, constitute 

and appoint Declarant, through its duly authorized officers, as their proper and legal attorneys-in- 

fact, for such purpose. Said appointment is coupled with an interest and is therefore irrevocable. 

Any such documents executed pursuant to this Section may recite that it is made pursuant to this 

Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Owner agrees, by its acceptance of a deed to a Lot 

or any other portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, to execute or otherwise join in any petition and/or 

other documents required in connection with the creation of any special taxing district relating to 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY or any portion(s) thereof. 

24.4 Affirmative Obligation of the Association. In the event that Association believes 

that Declarant has failed in any respect to meet Declarant's obligations under this Declaration or 

has failed to comply with any of Declarant's obligations under law or the Common Areas are 

defective in any respect, Association shall give written notice to Declarant detailing the alleged 

failure or defect. Association agrees that once Association has given written notice to Declarant 

pursuant to this Section, Association shall be obligated to permit Declarant and its agents to 

perform inspections of the Common Areas and to perform all tests and make all 

repairs/replacements deemed necessary by Declarant to respond to such notice at all reasonable 

times. Association agrees that any inspection, test and/or repair/replacement scheduled on a 

business day between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. shall be deemed scheduled at a reasonable time. The rights 

reserved in this Section include the right of Declarant to repair or address, in Declarant's sole 

option and expense, any aspect of the Common Areas deemed defective by Declarant during its 

inspections of the Common Areas. Association's failure to give the notice and/or otherwise 

comply with the provisions of this Section will damage Declarant. 

24.5 Notices. Any notice required to be sent to any person, firm, or entity under the 

provisions of this Declaration shall be deemed to have been properly sent when mailed, postpaid, 

to the last known address at the time of such mailing. 

24.6 Florida Statutes. Whenever this Declaration refers to the Florida Statutes, it shall 

be deemed to refer to the Florida Statutes as they exist on the date this Declaration is recorded 

except to the extent provided otherwise as to any particular provision of the Florida Statutes. 

24.7 Construction Activities. ALL OWNERS, OCCUPANTS AND USERS OF DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY ARE HEREBY PLACED ON NOTICE THAT (l) DECLARANT, THE CDD 

AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, SUBCONTRACTORS, 

LICENSEES AND OTHER DESIGNEES AND/OR (2) ANY OTHER PARTIES WILL BE, 

FROM TIME TO TIME, CONDUCTING CONSTRUCTION ACTIVITIES, EXCAVATION, 

CONSTRUCTION AND OTHER ACTIVITIES WITHIN OR IN PROXIMITY TO DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY, WHICH MAY CAUSE NOISE, DUST OR OTHER TEMPORARY DISTURBANCE. 

BY THE ACCEPTANCE OF THEIR DEED OR OTHER CONVEYANCE OR MORTGAGE, 

77 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 79 of 139 
†
9774 G2702 

OR BK 

LEASEHOLD, LICENSE OR OTHER INTEREST, AND BY USING ANY PORTION OF DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY, EACH SUCH OWNER, OCCUPANT AND USER AUTOMATICALLY 

ACKNOWLEDGES, STIPULATES AND AGREES (i) THAT NONE OF THE AFORESAID 

ACTIVITIES SHALL BE DEEMED NUISANCES OR NOXIOUS OR OFFENSIVE 

ACTIVITIES, HEREUNDER OR AT LAW GENERALLY, (ii) NOT TO ENTER UPON, OR 

ALLOW THEIR CHILDREN OR OTHER PERSONS UNDER THEIR CONTROL OR 

DIRECTION TO ENTER UPON (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH ENTRY IS A 

TRESPASS OR OTHERWISE) ANY PROPERTY WITHIN OR IN PROXIMITY TO DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY WHERE SUCH ACTIVITY IS BEING CONDUCTED (EVEN IF NOT BEING 

ACTIVELY CONDUCTED AT THE TIME OF ENTRY, SUCH AS AT NIGHT OR OTHERWISE 

DURING NON-WORKING HOURS), (iii) DECLARANT AND THE OTHER AFORESAID 

RELATED PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES 

(COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE), INJURIES OR 

DEATHS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE AFORESAID ACTIVITIES, EXCEPT 

RESULTING DIRECTLY FROM DECLARANT'S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL 

MISCONDUCT, AND (iv) ANY PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY PORTION OF DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY HAS BEEN AND WILL BE MADE WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE OF THE 

FOREGOING. 

24.8 Title Documents. Each Owner by acceptance of a deed to a Lot acknowledges that 

such Lot is subject to certain land use and title documents recorded in the Public Records or issued 

by the County (collectively, the "Title Documents"). Declarant's plan of development for DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY may necessitate from time to time the further amendment, modification and/or 

termination of the Title Documents. DECLARANT RESERVES THE UNCONDITIONAL 

RIGHT TO SEEK AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS OF THE TITLE DOCUMENTS. 

It is possible that a governmental subdivision or agency may require the execution of one or more 

documents in connection with an amendment, modification, and/or termination of the Title 

Documents. To the extent that such documents require the joinder of Owners, Declarant, by any 

one of its duly authorized officers, may, as the agent and/or the attorney-in-fact for the Owners, 

execute, acknowledge and deliver any documents required by applicable governmental 

subdivision or agency; and the Owners, by virtue of their acceptance of deeds, irrevocably 

nominate, constitute and appoint Declarant, through any one of its duly authorized officers, as their 

proper and legal attorney-in-fact for such purpose. This appointment is coupled with an interest 

and is therefore irrevocable. Any such documents executed pursuant to this Section may recite 

that it is made pursuant to this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Owner agrees, by its 

acceptance of a deed to a Lot: (i) to execute or otherwise join in any documents required in 

connection with the amendment, modification, or termination of the Title Documents; and (ii) that 

such Owner has waived its right to object to or comment on the form or substance of any 

amendment, modification, or termination of the Title Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, 

upon the Community Completion Date, Association shall assume all of the obligations of 

Declai'ant under the Title Documents unless otherwise provided by Declarant by anlendment to 

this Declaration recorded by Declarant in the Public Records, from time to time, and in the sole 

and absolute discretion of Declarant. 

24.9 Right to Contract for Telecommunications Services. Association shall have the 

right, but not the obligation, to enter into one or more contracts for the provision of one or more 

Telecommunications Services for all or any part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Prior to the Community 

78 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 80 of 139 
†
9774 G2703 

OR BK 

Completion Date, all contracts between a Telecommunications Provider and the Association shall 

be subject to the prior written approval of Declarant. If any such contract is established, the fees 

for the Telecommunications Services payable to the Telecommunications Provider shall be 

Operating Expenses and shall be included within the annual budget of the Association. 

Surface Water Management System. 

25. 

25.1 Surface Water Management System. The CDD shall be responsible for the 

operation and maintenance of the S W MS, ditches, canals, lakes, and wet and dry retention and 

detention areas in DEL WEBB BEXLEY. Operation and maintenance and any required 

reinspection of the S W MS shall be performed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 

Permit. All SWMS within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, excluding those areas (if any) normally 

maintained by the County or another governmental agency, will be the ultimate responsibility of 

the CDD, whose agents, employees, contractors and subcontractors may enter any portion of the 

Lots or Common Areas and make whatever alterations, improvements or repairs that are deemed 

necessary to provide or restore property water management. Notwithstanding the CDD's ultimate 

responsibility for the maintenance of S W MS, the Association shall have the right to enforce the 

provisions of this Section 25 to the extent the CDD does not take enforcement action. 

25.1.1 Except as permitted by the Permit no construction activities may be 

conducted relative to any portion of the S W MS without the prior consent of the 

SWF WMD. Prohibited activities include, but are not limited to: digging or excavation; 

depositing fill, debris or any other material or item; constructing or altering any water 

control structure; or any other construction to modify the S W MS. To the extent there exists 

within DEL WEBB BEXLEY a wetland mitigation area or a wet detention pond, no 

vegetation in these areas shall be removed, cut, trimmed or sprayed with herbicide without 

specific written approval from SWF WMD. Construction and maintenance activities which 

are consistent with the design and permit conditions approved by SWF WMD in the Permit 

may be conducted without specific written approval from SWF WMD. 

25.1.2 No Owner or other person or entity shall unreasonably deny or prevent 

access to water management areas for maintenance, repair, or landscaping purposes by 

Declarant, the CDD, the Association or any appropriate governmental agency that may 

reasonably require access. Nonexclusive easements therefor are hereby specifically 

reserved and created. 

25.1.3 No Lot, Parcel or Common Area shall be increased in size by filling in any 

lake, pond or other water retention, or drainage areas which it abuts. No person shall fill, 

dike, rip-rap, block, divert or change the established water retention and drainage areas that 

have been or may be created without the prior written consent of the CDD and the 

Association. No person other than the Declarant, the CDD or the Association may draw 

water for irrigation or other purposes from any lake, pond or other water management area, 

nor is any boating, swimming, or wading in such areas allowed. 

25.1.4 The maintenance of all S W MS and conservation areas, excluding those 

areas (if any) maintained by the County or another governmental agency, will be the 

ultimate responsibility of the CDD. FEhe CDD may enter any Lot, Parcel, Tract or Common 

79 

003881 1 \ 174366\3431786.v7 

Page 81 of 139 
†
9774 G2704 

OR BK 

Area and make whatever alterations, improvements or repairs are deemed necessary to 

provide, maintain, 014 restore proper SWMS. NO PERSON MAY REMOVE NATIVE 

VEGETATION THAT MAY BECOME ESTABLISHED WITHIN THE 

CONSERVATION AREAS. "REMOVAL" INCLUDES DREDGING, APPLICATION 

OF HERBICIDE, PULLING AND CUTTING. 

25.1.5 Nothing in this Section shall be construed to allow any person to construct 

any new water management facility, or to alter any S W MS or conservation areas, without 

first obtaining the necessary permits from all governmental agencies having jurisdiction, 

including SWF WMD, the County, the CDD, the Association and the Declarant. 

25.1.6 SWF WMD has the right to take enforcement measures, including a civil 

action for injunction and/or penalties, against the CDD and the Association to compel it to 

correct any outstanding problems with the S W MS. 

25.1.7 Any amendment of the Declaration affecting the S W MS or the operation 

and maintenance of the S W MS and any proposed conveyance or abandonment of any 

Common Areas containing or affecting the SWMS shall have the prior written approval of 

SWFWMD and the County. 

25.1.8 No Owner may construct or maintain any building, residence or structure, 

or undertake or perform any activity in the wetlands, wetland mitigation areas, buffer areas, 

upland conservation areas and drainage easements described in the Permit and Plat of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY, unless prior approval is received from the SWFWMD. 

25.1.9 Each Owner within DEL WEBB BEXLEY at the time of the construction 

of a building, residence, or structure shall comply with the construction plans for the 

SWMS approved and on file with SWFWMD. 

25.1.10 Owners shall not remove native vegetation (including cattails) that 

becomes established within the wet detention ponds abutting their property. Removal 

includes dredging, the application of herbicide, cutting, and the introduction of grass carp. 

Owners shall address any questions regarding authorized activities within the wet detention 

ponds to SWFWMD. 

25.1.11 No Owner shall conduct any construction, clearing, grading or 

landscaping within any drainage easement or otherwise improve or alter the character of 

any drainage easelnent. 

25.2 Proviso. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Declaration, no amendment 

of the Governing Documents by any person, and no termination or amendment of this Declaration, 

will be effective to change the CDD's responsibilities for the S W MS, unless the amendment has 

been consented to in writing by SWF WMD. Any proposed amendment which would affect the 

SWMS or any conservation areas must be submitted to SWF WMD for a determination of whether 

the amendment necessitates a modification of the Permit. Any amendment affecting the S W MS 

will not be finalized until any necessary modification of the Permit is approved by SWF WMD or 

the Association is advised that a modification is not necessary. 

80 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 82 of 139 
†
9774 G2705 

OR BK 

25.3 Provision for Budget Expense. In the event DEL WEBB BEXLEY has on site 

wetland mitigation (as defined in the regulations) that requires monitoring and maintenance, the 

CDD shall include in its budget an appropriate allocation of funds for monitoring and maintenance 

of the wetland mitigation area(s) each year until SWF WMD determines that the area(s) is 

successful in accordance with the Permit. 

25.4 Association Performance of CDD Obligations Regarding SWMS. In the event the 

CDD fails to operate and maintain the SWMS in accordance with the requirements of SWF WMD, 

the Permit and this Declaration, the Association may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions 

as are necessary to comply with such requirements and the cost of same shall be an Operating 

Expense. 

26. Additional Disclosures and Restrictions. 

26.1 Street Lighting Agreement. The Association may enter into an agreement to 

provide street lighting throughout DEL WEBB BEXLEY with a utility provider or company on 

such terms as are acceptable to the Association in its sole discretion (the "Street Lighting 

Agreement"). The cost ofproviding street lighting to DEL WEBB BEXLEY pursuant to the Street 

Lighting Agreement shall be an Operating Expense of the Association. 

26.2 Wild Animals. DEL WEBB BEXLEY is located adjacent or nearby to certain 

undeveloped areas which may contain various species of wild creatures (including, but not limited 

to, alligators, bears, panthers, raccoons, coyotes and foxes), which may from time to time stray 

onto DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and which may otherwise pose a nuisance or hazard, all risks 

associated with which each Owner accepts by their purchase of a Lot, Owners shall not feed wild 

creatures of any kind nor otherwise engage in conduct that attracts wild creatures onto any portion 

of the Property. Conduct that may attract wild creatures onto DEL WEBB BEXLEY, and that may 

be restricted or regulated by the Association, includes, but is not necessarily limited to: (i) leaving 

food waste in containers or areas that are accessible by wild creatures, or allowing wild creatures 

to access food waste, pet food, BBQ grills, refrigerators or freezers in garages or on porches or 

patios; (ii) not picking fruit (including vegetables and berries) when they are ripe but allowing 

them to fall and remain on the ground; (iii) keeping bees; (iv) not keeping garage doors closed in 

accordance with Section 12.16 hereof; and (v) leaving trash containers outside overnight for next 

day pick-up by trash haulers, in lieu of putting them out in the morning of the day of pick-up. The 

Association, by and through the Board shall have the right to promulgate Rules and Regulations 

which regulate or restrict these activities or any other activities which, in the sole determination of 

the Board, attract wild creatures onto DEL WEBB BEXLEY. For purposes of illustration and not 

limitation of the foregoing sentence, the Board may promulgate Association Rules and Regulations 

mandating that Owners acquire, at their sole cost and expense, and use so called "Bear Resistant 

Trash Containers" for the disposition of food waste. Any such Bear Resistant Trash Containers 

shall be a type or types that are acceptable to the Association and that are capable of pick-up by 

any trash hauler(s) servicing the Project. 

26.3 Association and Declarant Not Insurers of Safet or Securit . The Association may, 

but shall not be obligated to, maintain or support various activities within DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

which are intended to foster or prolnote safety or security. In no event shall the Association, the 

Declarant or Indemnified Parties in any way be considered insurers or guarantors of security within 

81 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 83 of 139 
†
9774 G2706 

OR BK 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY, nor shall any of them be held liable for any loss or damage by reason of 

the lack of adequate security or safety measures or the ineffectiveness of any security or safety 

measures undertaken. No representation or warranty is made that any manned gatehouse, 

electronically operated entrance and exit gates, fire protection system, burglar alarm system or 

other security system installed or security measures undertaken on or about DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

cannot be compromised or circumvented, nor that any such systems or security measures will 

prevent loss or provide the detection or protection for which they may be designed or intended. 

Each Owner therefore acknowledges, understands and agrees that the Declarant, the Association, 

and the Indemnified Parties are not insurers or guarantors of safety or security and that each person 

entering upon DEL WEBB BEXLEY assumes all risks of loss or damage to persons and property 

resulting from the acts of third parties. Furthermore, each Owner specifically acknowledges, 

understands and agrees that entrance and exit gate(s) and any manned gatehouse in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY are only provided as traffic control devices and are not provided as a measure of safety 

or security. 

26.4 Traffic Enforcement. At the Association's option, the Association may enter into 

an agreement to provide for enforcement of traffic laws within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by the 

sheriff and all costs of such enforcement incurred by the sheriff shall be paid by the Association as 

an Operating Expense. 

26.5 Gatehouses. Gatehouses may be constructed within or adjacent to DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY in order to limit access and to provide more privacy for the Owners and Lessees. Each 

Owner and Lessee and their Immediate Family Members, guests and invitees, acknowledge that 

any such gatehouse may restrict or delay entry into, or access within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by 

police, fire department, ambulances and other emergency vehicles or personnel. Each Owner and 

Lessee and their Immediate Family Members, guests and invitees agree to assume the risk that any 

such gatehouse will restrict or delay entry into, or access within DEL WEBB BEXLEY by police, 

fire department, ambulances or other emergency vehicles or personnel. Neither the Declarant, the 

Association nor any of the Indemnified Parties shall be liable to any Owner or Lessee or their 

Immediate Family Members, guests or invitees for any claims or damages resulting directly or 

indirectly from the construction, existence, maintenance, operation, delays in operation, staffing 

or failure or delay in staffing of any such gatehouses. 

If any gatehouses are constructed within DEL WEBB BEXLEY, the Declarant makes no 

representations or warranties (i) that gatehouse staffing will be provided, (ii) if gatehouse staffing 

is provided, that it will be provided during any particular hours or be continued in the future, (iii) 

regarding training of gatehouse staff or (iv) operational policies and activities of the gatehouse 

staff. Nothing contained in this Declaration and nothing that may be represented to a purchaser 

by real estate brokers or salesmen representing the Declarant shall be deemed to create any 

covenants or restrictions, implied or express, with respect to the existence, operation or 

effectiveness of any gatehouses or gatehouse staff. 

26.6 Recreational Facilities and Services Open to the Public. Declarant, prior to 

Turnover, and thereafter the Association, has the right to make the Recreational Facilities available 

to Persons other than Owners or Lessees by issuing passes or Activity Cards to such Persons. The 

Declarant, and thereafter the Association, shall establish qualification requirements, fees and dues 

for any Person using the Recreational Facilities who is not an Owner or Lessee. Any such Person 

82 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 84 of 139 
†
9774 G2707 

OR BK 

entitled to use the Recreational Facilities is granted a non-exclusive license to use the Recreational 

Facilities subject to full compliance with all obligations imposed by the Governing Documents, 

including without limitation all Rules and Regulations. The granting of such rights shall not reduce 

or abate any Owner's obligation to pay Assessments authorized pursuant to the terms of the 

Governing Documents, or give any Owner the right to avoid any of the provisions of the Governing 

Documents. 

26.7 Activity Cards. At the discretion of the Board, Activity Cards may be issued to 

allow Owners and Lessees access to the Recreational Facilities. 

26.7. I Issuance by the Board. One (1) Activity Card shall be allocated to each 

Qualified Occupant of a Home, up to a maximum of two (2) Activity Cards per Home. The 

Board shall determine entitlement to Activity Cards on an annual basis. Activity Cards shall 

be renewed annually, provided, the Home continues to be occupied by a Qualified 

Occupant and all applicable Assessments and other charges pertaining to the Lot and Home 

have been paid. The Board may establish policies, limits and charges with regard to the 

issuance of additional, renewal or replacement Activity Cards and guest privilege cards. 

26.7.2 Assignment of Rights. The right to an Activity Card is based upon 

Occupancy of a Home. Any Owner who leases or otherwise transfers Occupancy of his 

or her Home shall be deemed to have assigned his or her rights to an Activity Card to the 

Lessee or Occupant of such Lot. The Lessee or Occupant of the Home shall be entitled to 

an Activity Card only if the Home continues to be occupied by a Qualified Occupant and 

in no event shall an Activity Card be assigned to anyone under nineteen (19) years of age. 

Any Owner who leases or otherwise transfers Occupancy of his or her Home shall provide 

the Association with immediate written notice thereof and shall surrender to the 

Association his or her previously issued Activity Cards. Activity Cards shall be surrendered 

by any holder who ceases to Occupy a Home, or at any time upon written notification from 

the Association that the holder no longer is entitled to hold an Activity Card. 

26.7.3 Vacation Getaways. Each Vacation Getaway, as described in Section 21.22, 

shall be allocated one Activity Card per guest per stay in that Vacation Getaway (up to a 

total of four (4) Activity Cards) for use by the temporary Occupants of the Vacation 

Getaway. Additional Activity Cards shall be issued to Declarant upon request with payment 

of the then current charge for additional Activity Cards. 

26.7.4 Issuance to Declarant. As long as Declarant owns any portion of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY or has the right to annex property pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof, the 

Association shall provide Declarant, free of charge, with as many Activity Cards as 

Declarant, in its sole discretion, deems necessary for the purpose of marketing DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY or the Additional Property described in Exhibit "5". Declarant may transfer the 

Activity Cards to prospective purchasers of Lots or Homes subject to such terms and 

conditions as it, in its sole discretion, may determine. Activity Cards provided to Declarant 

shall entitle the bearer to use all Common Areas and Recreational Facilities, including the 

Community Amenity (subject to the availability and payment of admission fees or other 

use fees charged to Owners or Lessees holding Activity Cards). 

83 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 85 of 139 
†
9774 G2708 

OR BK 

Conservation Easements. 

27. 

27.1 Establishment of Conservation Easements. The provisions of Section 704.06, 

Florida Statutes establish the right of the SWF WMD and/or the County (the "Easement Grantee") 

to accept easements for the preservation of the natural habitat (such easements shall be referred to 

herein as the "Conservation Easements"). The easement areas for certain recorded Conservation 

Easements in favor of the SWF WMD are set forth on the Plat, or Inay be set forth on plats or in 

recorded instruments affecting land within the Bexley Residential Community in or around DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY. There are no other Conservation Easements established by this Declaration; 

however, Declarant reserves unto itself and to the Association the right to grant such easements 

over and upon portions of the Common Area or Lots unto the Easement Grantee pursuant to the 

provisions of Section 704.06, Florida Statutes. Any Conservation Easements so granted shall be 

subject to the requirements of Section 704.06, Florida Statutes, and the following provisions. For 

the purposes of this Declaration, any portion of the Common Area or any lands within DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY encumbered by a Conservation Easement shall be referred to as the "Conservation 

It is anticipated that all Conservation Easement Property will be owned 

and/or maintained by the CDD pursuant to the CDD Documents, and the CDD shall maintain same 

in accordance with the requirements of the SWF WMD, Permit and any applicable Conservation 

Easements. 

27.2 Purpose. The purpose of a Conservation Easement is to assure that the 

Conservation Easement Property will be retained forever in its existing natural condition and to 

prevent any use of the Conservation Easement Property that will impair or interfere with the 

environmental value of the Conservation Easement Property. It is the further purpose of the 

Conservation Easement to prevent the construction and operation of docks, piers, boardwalks, or 

other preemptive structures that would extend through the Conservation Easement Property onto 

adjacent sovereignty submerged lands except as approved in the Permit (or any modification 

thereto) or any Management Plan attached to the Permit (the "Management Plan"). 

27.3 Prohibited Acts and Uses. Any activity on or use of the Conservation Easement 

Property inconsistent with the purpose of a Conservation Easement is prohibited. Without limiting 

the generality of the foregoing, the following activities and uses are expressly prohibited: 

27.3.1 constructing or placing walls or fences, buildings, roads, signs, billboards, 

or other advertising, utilities or other structures on or above the ground; 

27.3.2 dumping or placing soil or other substances or material as landfill or 

dumping or placing of trash, waste or unsightly or offensive materials; 

27.3.3 removing, mowing, trimming or destroying trees, shrubs, or other 

vegetation except: 

The removal of dead trees and shrubs or leaning trees that 

27.3.3.1 

could cause damage property is authorized; 

The destruction and removal of noxious, nuisance or exotic 

27.3,3.2 

invasive plant species as listed on the most recent Florida Exotic Pest Plant 

Council 's List of Invasive Species is authorized; 

84 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 86 of 139 
†
9774 G2709 

OR BK 

Activities authorized by the Permit or described in any 

27.3.3.3 

Management Plan or otherwise approved in writing by the SWF WMD are 

authorized; and 

Activities conducted in accordance with a wildfire 

27.3.3.4 

mitigation plan developed with the Florida Forest Service that has been approved 

in writing by the SWF WMD are authorized. No later than thirty (30) days before 

commencing any activities to implement the approved wildfire mitigation plan, the 

owner of the Conservation Easement Property shall notify the SWF WMD in 

writing of its intent to commence such activities. All such activities may only be 

completed during the time period for which the SWF WMD approved the plan. 

27.3.4 excavating, dredging, or removing loam, peat, gravel, soil, rock, or other 

material substances in such a manner as to affect the surface; 

27.3.5 using the surface area of the Conservation Easement Property, except for 

purposes that permit the land or water area to remain predominantly in its natural condition; 

27.3.6 activities detrimental to drainage, flood control, water conservation, erosion 

control, soil conservation, or fish and wildlife habitat preservation, including, but not 

limited to, ditching, diking, clearing and fencing; 

27.3.7 acting upon or using the Conservation Easement Property in a manner 

detrimental to such retention of land or water areas; 

27.3.8 acting upon or using the Conservation Easement Property in a manner 

detrimental to the preservation of the structural integrity or physical appearance of sites or 

properties of historical, architectural, archaeological, or cultural significance. 

27.4 Reserved Rights. The owner of record title to the Conservation Easement Property 

reserves unto itself, and its successors and assigns, all rights accruing from its ownership of the 

Conservation Easement Property, including, without limitation, the right to engage in or permit or 

invite others to engage in all uses of the Conservation Easement Property that are not expressly 

prohibited herein and are not inconsistent with the Permit (or any modifications thereto), and the 

Management Plan, and the purposes of the Conservation Easement. 

27.5 Rights of Easement Grantee. To accomplish the purposes stated herein, the owner 

of record title to the Conservation Easement Property shall, grant the following rights to the 

Easement Grantee and Declarant: 

27.5. I To enter upon the Conservation Easement Property at reasonable times with 

any necessary equipment or vehicles to inspect, determine compliance with the covenants 

and prohibitions contained in the Conservation Easement, and to enforce the rights therein 

granted in a manner that will not unreasonably interfere with the use and quiet enjoyment 

of the Conservation Easement Property by the owner thereof at the time of such entry; and 

27.5.2 To proceed at law or in equity to enforce the provisions of the Conservation 

Easement and the covenants set forth therein, to prevent the occurrence of any of the 

85 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 87 of 139 
†
9774 G2710 

OR BK 

prohibited activities set forth therein, and to require the restoration of such areas or features 

of the Conservation Easement Property that may be damaged by any activities or use that 

is inconsistent with the Conservation Easement. 

27.6 Easement Grantee's Discretion. The Easement Grantee may enforce the terms of 

the Conservation Easement at its discretion, but if the CDD, Association, Declarant, or any Owner, 

breaches any term of the Conservation Easement and the Easement Grantee does not exercise its 

rights under the Conservation Easement, the Easement Grantee's forbearance shall not be 

construed to be a waiver by the Easement Grantee of such term, or of any subsequent breach of 

the same, or any other term of the Conservation Easement, or of any of the Easement Grantee's 

rights under the Conservation Easement. No delay or omission by the Easement Grantee in the 

exercise of any right or remedy upon any breach by the CDD, Association, Declarant or any Owner 

shall impair such right or remedy or be construed as a waiver. The Easement Grantee shall not be 

obligated to Declarant, or to any other person or entity, to enforce the provisions of the 

Conservation Easement. 

27.7 Easement Grantee's Liabilit . The owner of the fee interest in the Conservation 

Easement Property shall retain all liability for any injury or damage to the person or property of 

third parties that may occur on the Conservation Easement Property. Neither Declarant, nor any 

Owner, nor any person or entity claiming by or through Declarant or any Owner, shall hold the 

Easement Grantee liable for any damage or injury to person or personal property that may occur 

on the Conservation Easement Property. 

27.8 Riparian Rights. The Conservation Easement shall convey to Easement Grantee 

the grantor's riparian rights of ingress and egress for boat docks, piers, boardwalks, and other 

preemptive structures and activities associated with the Conservation Easement Property except 

as necessary to construct, use, and maintain the structures and activities approved in the Permit (or 

any modification thereto) or Management Plan. 

27.9 Acts Be ond Declarant's CDD's or Association's Control. Nothing contained in 

the Conservation Easement shall be construed to entitle the Easement Grantee to bring any action 

against Declarant, the CDD or the Association for any injury to or change in the Conservation 

Easement Property resulting from natural causes beyond Declarant's, CDD's or the Association's 

control, including, without limitation, fire, flood, storm and earth movement, or from any 

necessary action taken by Declarant, CDD or the Association under emergency conditions to 

prevent, abate, or mitigate significant injury to the Conservation Easement Property or to persons 

resulting from such causes. 

27.10 Recordation. Declarant shall record any Conservation Easement in a timely fashion 

and Declarant and the Owners of any Lots encumbered by the Conservation Easement shall re- 

record it by separate instrument at any time the Easement Grantee may require to preserve its 

rights. The Owners of any Lots encumbered by the Conservation Easement shall pay all recording 

costs and taxes necessary to record the Conservation Easement. Declarant will hold the Easement 

Grantee harmless from any recording costs or taxes necessary to record the Conservation 

Easement. 

86 

003881 1 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 88 of 139 
†
9774 G2711 

OR BK 

27.11 Successors. The covenants, terms, conditions, and restrictions of the Conservation 

Easement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective 

personal representatives, heirs, successors, and assigns and shall continue as a servitude running 

in perpetuity with the Conservation Easement Property. 

27.12 Restrictive Covenants Affecting Conservation Easements. No Owner or other 

person shall cut, remove, destroy, or otherwise disturb any plant, shrub, tree, or other vegetation 

within any Conservation Easement Property, nor shall any person, including, but not limited to any 

Owner, Declarant, CDD and the Association, deposit dirt, fill, grass clippings, trash, rubbish, tree 

trimmings, building materials, or other waste within, or grade or alter such Conservation Easement 

Property without the prior written consent (as evidenced by any required permit or other official 

certification) of the CDD, Association, Declarant, the County, and the SWF WMD. 

Bexle Residential Charter Founder and Bexle Residential Association Matters. DEL 

28. 

WEBB BEXLEY is not part of the Bexley Residential Community, is not subject to the Bexley 

Residential Charter and is not subject to the jurisdiction of the Bexley Residential Association. 

The rights and responsibilities of Declarant, the Association and the Owners under and with respect 

to the Founder, Bexley Residential Charter and Bexley Residential Association are as follows: 

28.1 Owners are Not Members of the Bexley Residential Association. Owners in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY are not members of the Bexley Residential Association. 

28.2 Lots are Not Subject to Bexley Residential Association Assessments. Lots in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY are not subject to assessments by the Bexley Residential Association. 

28.3 Founder Approval of Declaration and Amendments. Declarant hereby grants to 

Founder, as long as Founder serves in such capacity under and pursuant to the Bexley Residential 

Charter, the right to review and approve this Declaration and all future amendments to this 

Declaration. Founder, by Founder's joinder in the execution of this Declaration, hereby provides 

and confirms Founder's review and approval of same. All future amendments to this Declaration 

shall require the Founder's review, approval and joinder prior to recordation of same, or waiver of 

such right of review and approval by Founder as provided in Section 28.12 below. 

28.4 Bexley Residential Community Amenities. The Bexley Residential Charter 

contemplates construction and operation of certain recreational facilities and amenities (together 

the "Bexley Residential Community Amenities") for the recreational use of some or all of the 

members of the Bexley Residential Association and residents within the Bexley Residential 

Community. Owners in DEL WEBB BEXLEY are not members of the Bexley Residential 

Association and have no rights of access to or use of the Bexley Residential Community Amenities. 

Founder or the Bexley Residential Association, each in their sole discretion as provided in the 

Bexley Residential Charter, may grant Owners and Lessees in DEL WEBB BEXLEY use rights to 

some or all of the Bexley Residential Community Amenities on such terms and upon payment of 

such fees or charges as determined by Founder or the Bexley Residential Association, as 

applicable, in their sole discretion. Founder or the Bexley Residential Association may deny, limit 

or restrict such access and use rights, or increase applicable fees and charges for same from time 

to time in their sole discretion. No Owner, Lessee or Immediate Family Member in DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY or their guests or invitees shall have any right of access to or use of the Bexley 

87 

003881 74366\3431786.v7 

Page 89 of 139 
†
9774 G2712 

OR BK 

Residential Community Amenities except as may be granted by the Founder or Bexley Residential 

Association, as applicable, in their sole discretion. 

28.5 Association Board and ARC. Until Declarant has purchased all of the Additional 

Property from Founder pursuant to the Declarant Purchase Contract, Founder, at Founder's option, 

may appoint (i) one member of the Board of the Association and (ii) one member of the ARC, 

provided, however, that any such Board member appointed by Founder after Turnover shall (a) be 

deemed appointed as the Declarant representative to the Board (and Declarant shall confirm such 

appointment as necessary) and (b) shall only serve for as long as Declarant is permitted to appoint 

a member of the Board pursuant to this Declaration and the Florida Statutes. 

28.6 Additional Founder Approval Rights. Founder shall have the right to review and 

approve, including any amendments or supplements thereto, the Rules and Regulations and 

Architectural Guidelines adopted by Declarant, the Board or the Association, which approval will 

not be unreasonably withheld or delayed provided that same are not inconsistent with the 

requirements of the Declarant Purchase Contract. Such approval or disapproval shall be provided 

in writing within fifteen (15) business days of delivery of such proposed Rules and Regulations 

and Architectural Guidelines or proposed amendment or supplement to same. Failure of Founder 

to provide written disapproval of any such items within such time frame shall be deemed approval 

of same. 

28.7 Founder Consent Rights. The following actions with respect to the development of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and this Declaration shall require Founder's joinder and consent. 

28.7.1 Amendment of this Declaration as provided in Section 28.3 above or any 

Supplemental Declaration other than a Supplemental Declaration which annexes any 

portion of the Additional Property as part of DEL WEB BEXLEY without creating 

additional classes of members and without modifying, supplementing, waiving or replacing 

any term, condition or covenant of this Declaration applicable with respect to the land 

described in such Supplemental Declaration. 

28.7.2 Conveyance or encumbrance of the Community Amenity other than 

conveyance from Declarant to the Association. 

28.7.3 Assignment of Declarant's rights under this Declaration. 

28.7.4 Annexation of lands as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY other than the 

annexation of any portion of the Additional Property, which shall not require Founder's 

consent. 

28.7.5 Withdrawal of land from this Declaration other than in connection with 

dedication or conveyance of lands to the County, CDD or other governmental agency. 

Such consent shall be evidenced by Founder's written joinder to such instrument effecting 

such action referenced above or by an affidavit confirming delivery of the request for such consent 

and expiration of the applicable time period for approval or disapproval of saine as provided in 

Section 28.12 below. 

88 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 90 of 139 
†
9774 G2713 

OR BK 

28.8 Founder's Architectural Review Rights. Pursuant to the Declarant Purchase 

Contract, Founder has reviewed and approved the design, plans and specifications for the 

following items (together the "Founder Architectural Review Items") for DEL WEBB 

BEXLEY: 

28.8. I Schematic plans, landscape plans and other specifications for entry gate and 

feature (together the "Neighborhood Entry") 

28.8.2 Perimeter Wall 

28.8.3 Master Preliminary Site Plan 

28.8.4 Landscape plans and construction plans and specifications for Common 

Areas, including the Community Amenity 

28.8.5 Master site plans, elevations, landscape plans and plans and specifications 

for the Homes to be constructed by Declarant (together the "Master Home Plans"). 

Copies of the approved Founder Architectural Review Items and any supplements or 

modifications to same approved as provided in this Section 28.8 (together the "Approved Plans") 

shall be maintained among the Official Records of the Association. Construction and development 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY in accordance with the Approved Plans shall not require any further 

review or approval from Founder, provided, however, that (i) Founder Architectural Review Items 

for subsequent phases of DEL WEBB BEXLEY that were not previously approved by Founder or 

(ii) any Substantial Deviation (as defined below) from the Approved Plans must be submitted to 

Founder for review and approval as provided herein below. 

In connection with any such subsequent phase or Substantial Deviation, Declarant shall 

submit to Founder for Founder's review and reasonable approval in accordance with the Declarant 

Purchase Agreement any modifications or additions to such Founder Architectural Review Items 

and Approved Plans applicable with respect to same. Founder shall provide its reasonable 

comments and/or approval of such items within fifteen (15) business days after receipt thereof 

from Declarant. Declarant shall thereafter address any reasonable comments received from 

Founder within fifteen (15) days after receipt of Founder's comments and this process shall be 

repeated until such items are approved by Founder for construction within DEL WEBB BEXLEY. 

As used herein, a "Substantial Deviation" means any modification to the previously approved 

plans which visibly and materially alters the exterior appearance of the Home, Neighborhood Entry 

or Perimeter Wall, as applicable. 

28.9 Intentionally Deleted. 

28.10 Declarant Default Under Declarant Purchase Contract. In the event Declarant (i) 

defaults under the Declarant Purchase Contract prior to purchasing all of the Additional Property 

under the same or (ii) otherwise does not to purchase all of the Additional Property pursuant to any 

right afforded Declarant under the Declarant Purchase Contract, then Founder shall have the 

following rights: 

89 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 91 of 139 
†
9774 G2714 

OR BK 

The right, without obligation, to require that Declarant assign to 

28.10.1 

Founder all or some of Declarant's rights and interest as "Declarant" under this 

Declaration, the Articles and the Bylaws including, at Founder's option, an assignment of 

all right, title and interest as Declarant under this Declaration to Founder. In the event that 

Declarant assigns to Founder any or all of Declarant's rights and interests as "Declarant" 

under this Declaration, Founder shall not be liable for any obligations of "Declarant" under 

this Declaration, or under applicable law, except to the extent expressly assumed by 

Founder in writing and recorded in the Public Records, and then only from and after the 

effective date of Founder's assumption of any such obligations. Declarant agrees to and 

shall indemnify, defend and hold Founder harmless from and against any claims and 

liability associated with Declarant's acts, omissions, failures, malfeasance or negligence, 

relating to Declarant's obligations as "Declarant" hereunder until the date any such 

obligations are expressly assumed by Founder. Founder agrees to and shall indemnify, 

defend and hold Declarant harmless from and against any claims and liability associated 

with Founder's acts, omissions, failures, malfeasance or negligence, relating to any 

obligations of Founder as "Declarant" hereunder, which are expressly assumed by Founder, 

from and after the effective date of such assumption. 

The right to require Declarant to convey to the Association, to the 

28.10.2 

extent not previously conveyed, all interest of Declarant in any Common Areas or other 

portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY contemplated to be owned and operated by the 

Association pursuant to this Declaration, including, without limitation the Community 

Amenity. 

The right, without obligation and irrespective of whether Founder 

28.10.3 

accepts an assignment of any rights or obligations as "Declarant" under this Declaration, 

to annex all or some of the Additional Property into DEL WEBB BEXLEY by 

Supplemental Declaration executed by Founder. Except for applicable governmental 

approvals (if any) required for same and the joinder of the owner of such additional lands 

if other than Founder, no other consent to such annexation shall be required from any other 

party (including, but not limited to Declarant, the Association, Owners or any Lenders). 

Page 92 of 139 

28.10.4 

If, as a result of the termination of the Declarant Purchase Contract 

prior to Declarant's Purchase of all of the Additional Property, any portion of the 

Additional Property is not annexed as part of DEL WEBB BEXLEY under this Declaration, 

then the homeowners within the unpurchased and unannexed portion of the Additional 

Property shall have the same rights, benefits, privileges and obligations that Owners within 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY have with respect to access to and the use of the Recreational 

Facilities, subject to payment of the same pro rata assessments, fees and other charge costs 

allocable to such use pursuant to the terms of this Declaration. 

28.11 Notices and Deliveries to Declarant Founder and Association Under Section 28. 

Any notice or delivery to Declarant, Founder and the Association as required or pennitted in this 

Section 28 shall be sent (the "First Delivery") to such parties by certified mail, return receipt 

requested, express courier with signed receipt or hand delivery with signed receipt, shall be 

effective upon receipt or upon Second Delivery as provided below and shall be delivered to such 

parties at the addresses set forth in their signature pages of this Declaration or such other address 

90 

74366\3431786.v7 
†
9774 G2715 

OR BK 

as provided by such party to the other parties by written notice in accordance with this Section 

In the event any First Delivery to any party pursuant to this Declaration is returned as 

28.11. 

refused, undeliverable or as an invalid address for such party, delivery of same (the "Second 

may be effected by certified mail, return receipt requested, sent to both (i) the then 

current or last known address of such party as listed in the records of the Florida Department of 

State (or similar successor agency) and (ii) the return address set forth on the last notice or 

correspondence received from such party, if different from item (i) or the First Delivery address 

and such delivery shall be deemed effective three (3) business days after depositing same in the 

mail irrespective of actual receipt or non-receipt of smne. 

28.12 Assi nment and Waiver of Founder A roval/Consent Ri hts. In the event of any 

assignment of Founder's approval and consent rights under this Declaration, Founder shall provide 

written notice of such assignment to Declarant and the Association along with a copy of such 

assignment instrument, which shall be recorded in the Public Records of the County, together with 

the notice address for such assignee. In the event any request for any approval or consent from 

Founder is delivered as provided in Section 28.11 above and Founder fails to provide written notice 

of disapproval of such request within thirty (30) days after receipt or such lesser time period for 

providing such approval or disapproval as set forth in this Declaration then, except as provided in 

Section 21.19 of this Declaration, such approval or consent rights shall be deemed waived and 

such requested approval or consent shall be deemed given by Founder. An affidavit by an 

authorized representative of the Association or Declarant as to delivery, First and Second Delivery 

attempts and expiration of the applicable periods of time and waiver of such approval or consent 

rights may be affixed to such requested approval or consent item in lieu of Founder's written 

approval, consent or joinder in same. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE 

CONTRARY IN THIS DECLARATION, EACH OWNER BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED 

TO ANY PORTION OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY, ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE 

DECLARANT AND FOUNDER ARE NOT CO-DECLARANTS OR CO-DEVELOPERS 

OF DEL WEBB BEXLEY, AND THAT FOUNDER'S APPROVAL, CONSENT OR 

JOINDER TO ANY PLAN, DOCUMENT OR OTHER MATTER, PURSUANT TO THE 

REQUIREMENTS OF THIS DECLARATION OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT 

CONSTITUTE OR BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE A REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, 

GUARANTY OR ASSURANCE THAT THE ALLEGED FACTS, OPINIONS, DESCRIPTIONS 

OR OTHER MATTERS SET FORTH THEREIN ARE TRUE OR ACCURATE, NOR THAT ANY 

LOT OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY WITHIN DEL WEBB BEXLEY HAS BEEN OR WILL BE 

IMPROVED PROPERLY, SAFELY, OR IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS. 

w1TH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER APPROVED BY FOUNDER PURSUANT TO THE TERMS 

OF rrms DECLARATION OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO DEL WEBB BEXLEY, 

FOUNDER DOES NOT ASSUME NOR SHALL FOUNDER BE DEEMED TO ASSUME ANY 

LIABILITY, COST OR OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT THERETO BY VIRTUE OF 

FOUNDER'S ACTUAL OR DEEMED APPROVAL THEREOF OR CONSENT THERETO. 

28.13 Founder Enforcement Rights. Founder shall have all rights and remedies available 

under Florida law, including injunctive relief, in order to enforce the rights and l'emedies in favor 

of Founder under this Section 28. 

28.14 Additional Property Easements. Declarant and Founder have entered into that 

certain Development Rights and Post Closing Agreement recorded December 26, 2017 in Official 

Records Book 9654, Page 1561, of the Public Records (the "Founder Post Closing Agreement") 

91 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 93 of 139 
†
9774 G2716 

OR BK 

setting forth certain agreements and granting certain easements with respect to the development of 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional Property, which is currently owned by Founder and 

which Declarant has the obligation to purchase in one or more takedowns pursuant to the Declarant 

Purchase Contract. Such agreements and easements include the following: 

Access and Utility Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(a) of the 

28.14.1 

Founder Post Closing Agreement, I)eclarant has granted to Founder, for the benefit of the 

Additional Property, a non-exclusive easement for ingress and egress (the "Additional 

and a non-exclusive easement for utility purposes (the 

"Additional Property Utility Easement") over the portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

more particularly described on Exhibit "C" of the Founder Post Closing Agreement (the 

"Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area"). The purpose of the 

Additional Property Access Easement and Additional Property Utility Easement is to 

provide a means of providing access and extending utilities to the Additional Property. The 

Additional Property Access Easement will automatically terminate upon conveyance by 

deed, or dedication by plat, of the Additional Property Access and Utilities Easement Area 

to the County or a community development district, which provides equivalent rights 

enabling the Additional Property to be served by public access. The Additional Property 

Utility Easement shall automatically terminate upon the grant or dedication of public utility 

easement(s) contiguous to the Additional Property, which provide equivalent rights 

enabling the Additional Property to be served by public utilities. 

Drainage Easement. Pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) of the Founder Post 

28.14.2 

Closing Agreement, Declarant granted to Founder, for the benefit of the Additional 

Property, a non-exclusive drainage easement (the "Additional Property Drainage 

Easement") over, under, across and through the Phase I Property. Upon recording of the 

Phase I Plat, the Additional Property Drainage Easement shall be over only those portions 

of the Phase I Property constituting drainage areas which serve to provide drainage to the 

Additional Property (together the "Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas"). 

The Additional Property Drainage Easement shall automatically terminate upon the grant 

or dedication of public drainage easement(s) contiguous to the Additional Property which 

provide equivalent rights enabling the Additional Property to be served by public drainage. 

Maintenance of Easement Areas. Paragraph 2(d) of the Founder 

28.14.3 

Post Closing Agreement provides that Declarant will maintain the Additional Property 

Access and Utility Easement Area and Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas 

owned by it in good condition and repair in compliance with all Applicable Laws, as 

defined in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. The Additional Property Access and 

Utility Easement Area constitutes Common Area under this Declaration. Accordingly, 

Declarant hereby assigns to the Association, and the Association, by its joinder in this 

Declaration, hereby accepts, assumes and agrees to perform, all duties and obligations to 

maintain the Additional Property Access and Utility Easement Area in accordance with the 

Founder Post Closing Agreement. The Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas 

within the Phase I Plat will be dedicated to the CDD by the Phase I Plat and shall be 

maintained by the CDD in accordance with the CDD Documents. 

92 

003881 

Page 94 of 139 
†
9774 G2717 

OR BK 

28.14.4 

Additional Terms and Non-Modification. The disclosures regarding 

the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this Section 28.14 are provided for 

informational purposes and are not intended to provide a complete sumlnary of all of the 

terms, covenants and conditions of the Founder Post Closing Agreement. Additional terms, 

conditions and covenants with respect to the Additional Property Access and Utility 

Easement and Additional Property Drainage Easement and additional covenants and 

agreements regarding the development of DEL WEBB BEXLEY and the Additional 

Property are more particularly set forth in the Founder Post Closing Agreement. Neither 

the disclosures regarding the Founder Post Closing Agreement set forth in this Section 

28.14 nor Founder's joinder in this Declaration shall serve to modify, negate, waive or in 

any other way alter the terms, covenants and conditions of the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement or the enforcement of any rights, obligations and remedies arising from or 

under the Founder Post Closing Agreement. 

Release of Lots Common Areas and CDD Tracts. Paragraph 14 of 

28.14.5 

the Founder Post Closing Agreement provides that, except as provided hereinbelow, the 

Founder Post Closing Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force 

and effect with respect to any portion of DEL WEBB BEXLEY transferred to the CDD, 

the Association (as the "Neighborhood Association" under the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement) or any Owner who acquires title to a Lot with a Home. Such Paragraph 14 

also provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing termination of the Founder Post Closing 

Agreement with respect to property transferred to the CDD, Association and any such 

Owner, the terms of Paragraph 2 of the Additional Property Agreement shall not terminate 

and shall remain in effect with respect to any Lot, Common Area or CDD Tract in DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY containing either the Additional Property Access and Utility Easement 

Area or the Additional Property Drainage Easement Areas. 

28.15 Conflicting Terms or Provisions. In the event of any conflict between the terms of 

this Section 28 and any other term or provisions of this Declaration, the terms of this Section 28 

shall govern. 

Bexley Community Development District. DEL WEBB BEXLEY is or will be within the 

29. 

jurisdiction ofthe CDD and subject to CDD Assessments. Portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY, may 

be owned by the CDD, including, but not limited to, open space areas, drainage systems, and the 

S W MS, the Conservation Easement Property, the utilities and/or wetland conservation areas. In 

the event that any portions of DEL WEBB BEXLEY are owned by the CDD, such facilities shall 

not be part of the Common Areas, but will be part of the infrastructure facilities owned by the CDD 

(the "CDD Facilities"). EACH PERSON BY ACCEPTANCE OF A DEED TO A LOT HEREBY 

ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THE CDD FACILITIES ARE NOT COMMON AREA 

OWNED AND CONTROLLED BY THE ASSOCIATION AND FURTHER WAIVES ANY 

CLAIM OR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY PORTION OF THE CDD FACILITIES BE CONSIDERED 

AS COMMON AREA. 

29.1 Creation of the CDD. The CDD is an independent, multi-purpose, special district 

created pursuant to Chapter 190 of the Florida Statutes. Lots, Homes and other portions of DEL 

WEBB BEXLEY are under the jurisdiction of the CDD. The CDD may be authorized to finance, 

fund, install, equip, extend, construct or reconstruct, without limitation, the following: water and 

93 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 95 of 139 
†
9774 G2718 

OR BK 

sewer facilities, subdivision improvements, environmental mitigation, roadways, the S W MS, the 

Conservation Easement Property, utility lines, land acquisition, perimeter walls/fences, 

miscellaneous utilities for DEL WEBB BEXLEY and other infrastructure projects and services 

necessitated by the development of, and serving lands within, DEL WEBB BEXLEY (the "Public 

Infrastructure"). The estimated design, development, construction and acquisition costs for these 

CDD Facilities may be funded by the CDD in one or more series of governmental bond financings 

utilizing special assessment bonds. The CDD may issue both long term debt and short term debt 

to finance the Public Infrastructure. The principal and interest on the special assessments bonds 

may be repaid through non ad valorem special assessments (the "CDD Debt Service 

Assessments") levied on all benefiting properties in the CDD, which property has been found to 

be specially benefited by such Public Infrastructure. In addition to the bonds issued to fund the 

Public Infrastructure costs, the CDD may also impose non ad valorem special assessment to fund 

the operations of the CDD and the maintenance and repair of its Public Infrastructure and services 

(the "CDD Assessments"). 

29.2 CDD Assessments. The CDD Assessments, including the CDD Debt Service 

Assessments and CDD O&M Assessments, will not be taxes but, under Florida law, constitute a 

lien co-equal with the lien of state, County, municipal, and school board taxes and may be collected 

on the ad valorem tax bill sent each year by the Tax Collector of Pasco County and disbursed to 

the CDD. The homestead exemption is not applicable to the CDD Assessments. Because a tax bill 

cannot be paid in part, failure to pay the CDD Assessments or any other portion of the tax bill will 

result in the sale of tax certificates and could ultimately result in the loss of title to the property of 

the delinquent taxpayer through the issuance of a tax deed. Any future CDD Assessments and/or 

other charges due with respect to the CDD Facilities are direct obligations of Owner and are 

secured by a lien against Owner's Lot and Home. Failure to pay such sums may result in loss of 

an Owner's Lot and Home. 

29.3 Common Areas and Facilities Part of CDD. Portions of the Common Areas may 

become part of the CDD. In such event, Common Areas will become part of the CDD Facilities, 

will be part of the CDD and the CDD shall govern the use and maintenance of the CDD Facilities. 

Some of the provisions of this Declaration will not apply to such CDD Facilities, as the CDD 

Facilities will no longer be Common Areas once conveyed to the CDD. Any conveyance of 

Common Areas to the CDD shall in no way invalidate this Declaration. Declarant may decide, in 

its sole and absolute discretion, to convey additional portions of the Common Areas to the CDD 

or the Association. If conveyed to the CDD, such portions of the Common Areas shall thereafter 

be part of the CDD Facilities. The CDD may promulgate membership rules, regulations and/or 

covenants that may outline use restrictions for the CDD Facilities, including the Community 

Amenity, or the Association's responsibility to maintain the CDD Facilities, if any. Among other 

factors, the establishment of the CDD and the inclusion of CDD Facilities in the CDD obligates 

each Owner to become responsible for the payment of CDD Debt Service Assessments and CDD 

O&M Assessments for the construction and operation of the CDD Facilities as set forth in this 

Section. 

29.4 Facilities Owned by CDD. The CDD Facilities may be owned and operated by the 

CDD or owned by the CDD and maintained by the Association. The CDD Facilities may be owned 

by a governmental entity other than the CDD. The CDD Facilities shall be used and enjoyed by 

the Owners on a non-exclusive basis, in common with such other persons, entities, and 

94 

003881 1 74366\343 1786.v7 

Page 96 of 139 
†
9774 G2719 

OR BK 

corporations that may be entitled to use the CDD Facilities under the CDD Documents, applicable 

laws and regulations, or otherwise. 

29.5 CDD Facilities Maintenance. The CDD rnay contract with the Association for the 

maintenance, repair, and replacement, management and operation of the CDD Facilities, subject 

to any written agreement accepted by the Association. 

29.6 Additional Disclosure. THE BEXLEY COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT 

DISTRICT MAY IMPOSE AND LEVY TAXES OR ASSESSMENTS, OR BOTH TAXES AND 

ASSESSMENTS, ON THIS PROPERTY. THESE TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS PAY THE 

CONSTRUCTION, OPERATION, AND MAINTENANCE COSTS OF CERTAIN PUBLIC 

FACILITIES AND SERVICES OF THE DISTRICT AND ARE SET ANNUALLY BY THE 

GOVERNING BOARD OF THE DISTRICT. THESE TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS ARE IN 

ADDITION TO COUNTY AND OTHER LOCAL GOVERNMENTAL TAXES AND 

ASSESSMENTS AND ALL OTHER TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS PROVIDED FOR BY 

LAW. 

95 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 97 of 139 
†
9774 G2720 

OR BK 

IN WITNESS W 

its hand and seal this 

WITNESSES: 

Page 98 of 139 

REOF, the u 

ersigned, being Declarant hereunder, has hereunto set 

2018. 

"DECLARANT" 

PULTE HOME COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan 

am 

P nt Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF 

limite 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Address: 

'lity co 

1.7 'v 

2018 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

The f e oing instrument was acknqy dg before me this day of 

of PULTE HOME CO¸PANY, 

2018, by 

LLC, a Mic igan limited liability company. He [is personally known to me] [has produced 

as identification]. 

NO ARY PUBLIC, State of Florida at Large 

Print Name: 

My commission expires: 

MCGOVERN 

22.324 

2021 

Boncied ihvougll 1st State 

I 
†
9774 G2721 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF THE ASSOCIATION 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida not-for-profit 

corporation (the "Association") does hereby join in this COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY (this "Declaration"), to which this Joinder is attached, and the terms 

thereof are and shall be binding upon the undersigned and its successors in title. The Association 

agrees this joinder is for the purpose of evidencing the Association's acceptance of the rights and 

obligations provided in the Declaration and does not affect the validity of this Declaration as the 

Association has no right to approve this Declaration. 

day of 

INWITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder on this 

Page 99 of 139 

WITNESSES: 

Print 

Print Name: 

STATE OF FLORIDA 

COUNTY OF Hd 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida corporation 

not for profit 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

{CORPORATE SEAL} 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Riverview, FL 33578 

day of 2018, 

The fore oi g instrument w ac owledged before me this 

by IQ T b 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY 

as 

ASSOCIATION, INC., a Florida corporation not for profit, on behalf of the corporation, who is 

as identification. 

who has produced 

a e of F orida at Large 

NOTA 

Print Name: 

My commission expires: 

4&O.F 

97 

003881 1 u 74366\343 1 786,v7 

SNEZANA GURCINOVSKA 

MY COMMISSION 22322 

EXPIRES: JUL 09, 2021 

Bonded through 1st State Insurance 
†
9774 G2722 

OR BK 

JOINDER OF FOUNDER 

The undersigned, NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, being the 

"Founder" under the "Bexley Residential Charter" (as those terms are defined herein), hereby joins 

in and consents to the foregoing COMMUNITY DECLARATION FOR DEL WEBB BEXLEY 

for the purpose of confirming Founder's review and approval of this Declaration. 

Page 100 of 139 

Signed, sealed and delivered 

in the presence of the following witnesses: 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

Kirsten Lycett 

NNP-BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited 

liability company 

By: 

Name: Auex 

Title: 

777 S. Harbor Island Blvd. 

Address 

Suite 320 

Tampa, FL 33602 

STATE OF FLOEIDA 

COUNTY OF 

The foregoing instru ent was acknowledged before me this _q_ day of 

of 

, 2018, by 

as Vice. 

NN -BEXLEY, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, on behalf of the company. He [Z] She 

] is personally known to me or [ ] has produced 

as identification. 

(NOTARY SEAL) 

KIRSTEN LYCETT 

Notary Pub!ic State of Florida 

Commission # GG 1 16021 

My Comm. Expires Oct 15, 2021 

Bonded through National Notaty Assn. 

NOTARY SIG ATURE 

Kirsten Lycett 

PRINTED NOTARY NAME 

NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF FLORIDA 

Commission Number: // 0b z I 

My Commission Expires: 'S.21 

98 

0038811 
†
9774 G2723 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 1 

DESCRIPTION: ALL of the proposed plat of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE l, being a parcel 

of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco County, 

Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest corner of said Section 15, also being a point on the Westerly 

boundary of the right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, as recorded in Official Records Book 7870, 

Page 128, of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, run thence along the West boundary of 

said Section 15, the following two (2) courses: 1) along said Westerly boundary of the right-of- 

way for Sunlake Boulevard, N.OOOI 7'40"E., 2413.13 feet to the Northwest corner of said right-of- 

way for Sunlake Boulevard, also being the POINT OF BEGINNING; 

2) continue N.OOO 17t40"E., 162.33 feet to a point on a curve; thence Northeasterly, 36.07 feet along 

the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 59003'01 " (chord 

bearing N.29049t10"E., 34.50 feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.OOOI 7'40"E., 221.28 feet to a 

point of curvature; thence Northerly, 1207.28 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a 

radius of 2017.00 feet and a central angle of 34017'40" (chord bearing N. 16051' IO"W., 1189.34 

feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.34000'00"W., 316.72 feet to a point of curvature; thence 

Northwesterly, 215.16 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 2183.00 feet and 

a central angle of 0503850" (chord bearing N.31010'35"W., 215.07 feet); thence N.61038'50"E., 

166.00 feet to a point on a curve; thence Northwesterly, 294.05 feet along the arc of said curve to 

the right having the same radius of 2017.00 feet and a central angle of 08021 '10" (chord bearing 

N.24010'35"W., 293.79 feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.2000ff00"W., 316.72 feet to a point 

of curvature; thence Northwesterly, 1143.02 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius 

of 2183.00 feet and a central angle of 30000'00" (chord bearing N.35000'00"W., 1130.00 feet); 

thence N.40000'OO"E., 234.05 feet; thence S.8100ffOO"E., 402.10 feet; thence 

61.47 feet; thence S.81000t00"E., 187.26 feet; thence N.57045f00ftE., 575.76 feet to a point on a 

curve; thence Southeasterly, 421.00 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 

540.00 feet and a central angle of 440401121' (chord bearing S.55012f33 "E. , 410.42 feet) to a point 

of reverse curvature; thence Easterly, 353.00 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a 

radius of 1960.00 feet and a central angle of 1 0019109" (chord bearing S. 7202305 "E. , 352.52 feet); 

thence N.22046'29"E., 80.00 feet to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 183.50 feet along the 

arc of said curve to the right having a radius of 2040.00 feet and a central angle of 05009' 14" (chord 

bearing S.64038'54"E., 1 83.44 feet); thence S.27055'44'lW., 80.00 feet to a point on a curve; thence 

Westerly, 40.33 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 25.00 feet and a central 

angle of 92025144" (chord bearing S. 7104252" W. , 36.10 feet) to a point of tangency; thence 

S.25030'00"W., 281.91 feet to a point of curvature; thence Southwesterly, 212.81 feet along the 

arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 657.00 feet and a central angle of 1803331 " (chord 

bearing S.34046'46"W., 21 1.88 feet); thence S.61000'00"E., 1420.83 feet to a point on a curve; 

thence Southwesterly, 168.23 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 

feet and a central angle of 09000100" (chord bearing S.24030'00"W., 168.06 feet) to a point of 

tangency; thence S.20000'00"W., 1257.25 feet to a point of curvature; thence Southwesterly, 

1257.28 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle 

of 50024139" (chord bearing S.45012'19"W., 1217.12 feet) to a point of tangency; thence 

S. 7002439" W. , 93.58 feet to a point of curvature; thence Northwesterly, 31.05 feet along the arc 

of a curve to the right having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 5005000" (chord bearing 

1 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 101 of 139 
†
9774 G2724 

OR BK 

N.84010'21 "W. , 30.04 feet); thence S.OOOI 740" W. , 187.05 feet to the Northeast corner of the 

aforesaid right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard; thence along the Northerly boundary of said right- 

of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, s.70024'39"W., 212.68 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. 

LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PARCEL OF LAND: 

DESCRIPTION: ALL of the right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, according to the proposed plat 

of DEL WEBB BEXLEY PHASE 1, being a parcel of land lying in Section 15 and 16, Township 

26 South, Range 1 8 East, Pasco County, Florida and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest corner of said Section 15, also being a point on the Westerly 

boundary of the right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, as recorded in Official Records Book 7870, 

Page 128, of the Public Records of Pasco County, Florida, run thence along the West boundary of 

said Section 15, the following two (2) courses: l) along said Westerly boundary of the right-of- 

way for Sunlake Boulevard, N.OOOI 7'40"E., 2413.13 feet to the Northwest corner of said right-of- 

way for Sunlake Boulevard, also being the POINT OF BEGINNING; 

2) continue N.OOO 1740"E., 162.33 feet to a point on a curve; thence Northeasterly, 36.07 feet along 

the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 5900301 " (chord 

bearing N.29049'l O"E., 34.50 feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.OOOI 7t40"E., 221.28 feet to a 

point of curvature; thence Northerly, 1207.28 feet along the arc of a curve to the left having a 

radius of 2017.00 feet and a central angle of 3401740" (chord bearing N. 16051110" W. , 1189.34 

feet) to a point of tangency; thence N.34000t00"W., 316.72 feet to a point of curvature; thence 

Northwesterly, 215.16 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 2183.00 feet and 

a central angle of 05038150" (chord bearing N.31010'35"W., 215.07 feet); thence N.61038'50ttE., 

166.00 feet to a point on a curve; thence Southeasterly, 198.80 feet along the arc of a curve to the 

left having a radius of 2017.00 feet and a central angle of 05038'50" (chord bearing S.3 101 (Y35"E., 

198.72 feet) to a point of tangency; thence S.34000'00"E., 316.72 feet to a point of curvature; 

thence Southerly, 1306.64 feet along the arc of a curve to the right having a radius of 2183.00 feet 

and a central angle of 34017'40" (chord bearing S. 16051 '10"E., 1287.22 feet) to a point of tangency; 

thence S.OOOI 740" W., 124.23 feet to a point of curvature; thence Southeasterly, 36.07 feet along 

the arc of a curve to the left having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 59003101 " (chord 

bearing S.29013'51 "E. , 34.50 feet); thence S.OOOI 740" W. , 187.05 feet to the Northeast corner of 

the aforesaid right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard; thence along the Northerly boundary of said 

right-of-way for Sunlake Boulevard, S. 70024139" W. , 212.68 feet to the POINT OF 

BEGINNING. 

2 

003881 74366\343 1786,v7 

Page 102 of 139 
†
9774 G2725 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 2 

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION NOT FOR PROFIT) 

1 

003881 

Page 103 of 139 
†
9774 G2734 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 3 

BYLAWS 

OF 

DEL WEBB BEXLEY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, INC. 

(A FLORIDA CORPORATION NOT FOR PROFIT) 

003881 1 1786. v? 

Page 112 of 139 
†
9774 G2746 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 4 

PERMIT 

0038811 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 124 of 139 
†
9774 G2747 

OR BK 

SOUTHWEST FLORIDA WATER MANAGEMENT DISTRICT 

ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCE 

INDIVIDUAL CONSTRUCTION MAJOR MODIFICATION 

PERMIT NO. 43013740.017 

EXPIRATION DATE: 

Page 125 of 139 

January 10, 2023 

PERMIT ISSUE DATE: January 10, 2018 

This permit is issued under the provisions of Chapter 373, Florida Statutes, (F.S.), and the Rules contained in 

Chapter 62-330, Florida Administrative Code, (F.A.C.). The permit authorizes the Permittee to proceed with the 

construction of a surface water management system in accordance with the information outlined herein and 

shown by the application, approved drawings, plans, specifications, and other documents, attached hereto and 

kept on file at the Southwest Florida Water Management District (District). Unless otherwise stated by permit 

specific condition, permit issuance constitutes certification of compliance with state water quality standards 

under Section 401 of the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1341. All construction, operation and maintenance of the 

surface water management system authorized by this permit shall occur in compliance with Florida Statutes and 

Administrative Code and the conditions of this permit. 

PROJECT NAME: 

GRANTED TO: 

OTHER PERMITTEES: 

Bexley North Parcel 5 Phase 1 

Pulte Home Company, LLC 

Attn: Rob Barber 

2662 S. Falkenburg Road 

Tampa, FL 33578 

ABSTRACT: This permit modification authorizes construction of single-family residential lots, roadways and associated 

infrastructure for Parcel 5, Phase 1 of the Bexley Ranch development. This permit modifies the stormwater management 

systems previously approved under Permit Nos. 43013740.015 and 43013740.016, entitled Sunlake Boulevard Extension 

North of Tower Road and Bexley North Parcel 5 Mass Grading Plan, respectively. The perpetual operation, maintenance 

and reinspection requirements for ponds 120 and 133 (Permit No. 43013740.015) and 133A, B, D, E and F (Permit No. 

43013740.016) will be tracked under this permit modification No. 43013740.017, upon transfer of this permit to the operation 

phase. The stormwater management system has been designed to limit the peak post-development 25-year, 24-hour 

discharge rate to the peak pre-development 25-year, 24-hour discharge rate. The Engineer-of-Record has provided 

calculations that demonstrate the proposed construction will not cause any adverse impacts offsite or onsite for the 

25-year, 24-hour and 100-yeart 24-hour storm events. The site is located 2.5 miles north of State Road 54 approximately 3 

miles east of the Suncoast Parkway, in Pasco County. Information regarding the stormwater management system, 

1 CO-year floodplain, wetlands and/or surface waters is stated below and on the permitted construction drawings for the 

proposed project. 

OP. & MAIN. ENTITY: 

OTHER OP. & MAIN. ENTITY: 

COUNTY: 

SEC/TWP/RGE: 

TOTAL ACRES OWNED 

OR UNDER CONTROL: 

PROJECT SIZE: 

LAND USE: 

DATE APPLICATION FILED: 

AMENDED DATE: 

Pulte Home Company, LLC 

Pasco 

S09/T26S/R18E, SIO∆26S/R18E, S16/T26S/R18E, S15/T26S/R18E 

418.30 

128.00 Acres 

Residential 

September 07, 2017 

N/A 
†
9774 G2748 

l. Water Quantity/Quality 

POND No. 

120 

133 

133A 

c 

Area Acres @ Top of Bank 

13.10 

5.34 

3.14 

9.48 

1.07 

4.32 

1.90 

Total: 38.35 

OR BK 

Treatment Type 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

MAN-MADE WET DETENTION 

Page 126 of 139 

Water Quantit [Qualit Comments: Ponds 120 and 133 (Permit No. 43013740.015) and ponds 133A, B, C, E 

and F (Permit No. 43013740.016) were previously permitted and will be tracked under this permit 

modification, No. 43013740.017, once transferred to the operation phase. No changes are currently 

proposed to these ponds. Water quality treatment will be provided in these seven wet detention ponds. 

Water quantity attenuation wilt be provided in the wet detention ponds and on-site wetlands. The stormwater 

management system has been designed to limit the post-development 25-year, 24-hour discharge rate to 

the peak pre-development 25-year, 24-hour rate. The Engineer-of-Record (EOR) has provided calculations 

that demonstrate the proposed construction will not cause any adverse impacts off-site or on-site for the 

25-year, 24-hour and 100-year, 24-hour storm events. The vertical datum listed on the permitted 

construction drawings is NAVDI 988. 

A mixing zone is not required. 

A variance is not required. 

ll. IOO-Year Floodplain 

Encroachment 

(Acre-Feet of fill) 

0.00 

Compensation 

(Acre-Feet of 

excavation 

0.00 

Compensation 

Type 

Equivalent Excavation 

Encroachment 

Result* (feet) 

N/A 

All floodplain impacts have been previously approved under Permit No. 

43013740.016. No additional floodplain impacts are authorized with this Permit No. 43013740.017. 

*Depth of change in flood stage (fevel) over existing receiving water stage resulting from floodplain 

encroachment caused by a project that claims Minimal Impact type of compensation. 

Ill. Environmental Considerations 

Wetland/Other Surface Water Information 

2 
†
9774 G2749 

OR BK 

10-91 

15-10 

15-11 

15-29 

16-11 

16-13 

16-15 

16-17 

16-19 

Page 127 of 139 

Wetland/Other 

Surface 

Water Name 

9-83 

9-85 

9-87 

9-88 

9-89 

9-91 

10-101 

15_1 

15-3 

15-4 

15-5 

15-6 

15-8 

15-9 

Total 

Acres 

2.44 

0.08 

0.10 

0.01 

0.04 

0.53 

0.43 

0.58 

1.65 

0.03 

0.03 

0.19 

0.02 

1.46 

0.02 

2.18 

0.05 

0.34 

0.17 

2.94 

1.40 

0.53 

1.52 

0.07 

0.04 

0.11 

0.14 

0.05 

0.13 

0.10 

0.44 

0.05 

0.10 

17.97 

Not 

Impacted 

Acres 

2.44 

0.08 

0.10 

0.01 

0.04 

0.53 

0.43 

0.58 

1.65 

0.03 

0.03 

0.19 

0.02 

1.46 

0.02 

2.18 

0.05 

0.34 

0.17 

2.94 

1.40 

0.53 

1.52 

0.07 

0.04 

0.11 

0.14 

0.05 

0.13 

0.10 

0.44 

0.05 

0.10 

17.97 

Permanent 1m acts 

Tem ora 1m acts 

Acres 

0.00 

coo 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Functional 

Loss* 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Acres 

Total: 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

coo 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Functional 

Loss* 

0.00 

coo 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

coo 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

* For impacts that do not require mitigation, their functional loss is not included. 

Wetland/Other Surface Water Comments: 

The project area for this ERP modification contains 16.81 acres of wetlands and 1.16 acres of surface 

waters. All wetlands and surface waters were previously accounted for in ERP Nos. 43013740.015 and 

43013740.016. No new wetland or surface water impacts are proposed in this modification. 

Mitigation Information 

Mitigation Comments: 

Mitigation is not required. 
†
9774 G2750 

OR BK 

Specific Conditions 

Page 128 of 139 

1 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

If the ownership of the project area covered by the subject permit is divided, with someone other 

than the Permittee becoming the owner of part of the project area, this permit may be terminated, 

unless the terms of the permit are modified by the District or the permit is transferred pursuant to 

Rule 40Dw1.6105, F.A.C. In such situations, each land owner shall obtain a permit (which may be 

a modification of this permit) for the land owned by that person. This condition shall not apply to 

the division and sale of lots or units in residential subdivisions or condominiums. 

The Permittee shall retain the design professional registered or licensed in Florida, to conduct 

on-site observations of construction and assist with the as-built certification requirements of this 

project. The Permittee shall inform the District in writing of the name, address and phone number 

of the design professional so employed. This information shall be submitted prior to construction. 

Wetland buffers shall remain in an undisturbed condition except for approved drainage facility 

construction/maintenance. No owner of property within the subdivision may perform any work, 

construction, maintenance, clearing, filling or any other type of activities within the wetlands, 

wetland buffers, buffer compensation areas, and drainage easements described in the approved 

permit and recorded plat of the subdivision, unless prior approval is received from the Southwest 

Florida Water Management District. 

The following boundaries, as shown on the approved construction drawings, shall be clearly 

delineated on the site prior to initial clearing or grading activities: 

a. wetland and surface water areas 

b. wetland buffers 

c. limits of approved wetland impacts 

The delineation shall endure throughout the construction period and be readily discernible to 

construction and District personnel. 

Rights-of-way and easement locations necessary to construct, operate and maintain all facilities, 

which constitute the permitted stormwater management system, and the locations and limits of all 

wetlands, wetland buffers, upland buffers for water quality treatment, 100-year floodplain areas 

and floodplain compensation areas, shall be shown on the final plat recorded in the County Public 

Records. Documentation of this plat recording shall be submitted to the District with the As-Built 

Certification and Request for Conversion to Operational Phase Form, and prior to beneficial 

occupancy or use of the site. 

Copies of the following documents in final form, as appropriate for the project, shall be submitted 

to the Regulation Division: 

a. homeowners, property owners, master association or condominium association articles of 

incorporation, and 

b. declaration of protective covenants, deed restrictions or declaration of condominium 

The Permittee shall submit these documents with the submittal of the Request for Transfer of 

Environmental Resource Permit to the Perpetual Operation Entity form. 

The following language shall be included as part of the deed restrictions for each lot: 

"Each property owner within the subdivision at the time of construction of a building, residence, or structure 

shall comply with the construction plans for the stormwater management system approved and on file with 

4 
†
9774 G2751 

OR BK 

the Southwest Florida Water Management District." 

This Permit Modification No. 4313740.017, amends the previously issued Permit Nos. 

8. 

43013740.015 (ponds 120 and 133) and 43013740.016 (ponds 133A, B, C, E and F). The 

perpetual operation, maintenance and reinspection requirements for ponds 120, 133, 133A, B, C, 

E and F previously approved under Permit Nos. 43013740.015 and 43013740.016 wilt be tracked 

under this permit modification No. 43013740.017, upon transfer of this permit to the operation 

phase, and all original permit conditions will remain in effect. 

If limestone bedrock is encountered during construction of the stormwater management system, 

9. 

the District must be notified and construction in the affected area shall cease. 

The Permittee shall notify the District of any sinkhole development in the stormwater management 

10. 

system within 48 hours of discovery and must submit a detailed sinkhole evaluation and repair 

plan for approval by the District within 30 days of discovery. 

The Permitted Plan Set for this project includes the set received by the District on December 

11. 

15, 2017. 

The operation and maintenance entity shall provide for the inspection of the permitted project 

12. 

after conversion of the permit to the operation and maintenance phase. For systems utilizing 

retention or wet detention, the inspections shall be performed five (5) years after operation is 

authorized and every five (5) years thereafter. 

The operation and maintenance entity must maintain a record of each inspection, including the 

date of inspection, the name and contact information of the inspector, whether the system was 

functioning as designed and permitted, and make such record available upon request of the 

District. 

Within 30 days of any failure of a stormwater management system or deviation from the permit, an 

inspection report shall be submitted using Form 62-330.311 (1), "Operation and Maintenance 

Inspection Certification" describing the remedial actions taken to resolve the failure or deviation. 

District staff must be notified in advance of any proposed construction dewatering. If the 

13. 

dewatering activity is likely to result in offsite discharge or sediment transport into wetlands or 

surface waters, a written dewatering plan must either have been submitted and approved with the 

permit application or submitted to the District as a permit prior to the dewatering event as a permit 

modification. A water use permit may be required prior to any use exceeding the thresholds in 

Chapter 40D-2, F.A.C. 

Off-site discharges during construction and development shall be made only through the facilities 

14. 

authorized by this permit. Water discharged from the project shall be through structures having a 

mechanism suitable for regulating upstream stages. Stages may be subject to operating 

schedules satisfactory to the District. 

The permittee shall complete construction of all aspects of the stormwater management system, 

15. 

including wetland compensation (grading, mulching, planting), water quality treatment features, 

and discharge control facilities prior to beneficial occupancy or use of the development being 

served by this system. 

The following shall be properly abandoned and/or removed in accordance with the applicable 

16. 

5 

Page 129 of 139 
†
9774 G2752 

OR BK 

regulations: 

a. Any existing wells in the path of construction shall be properly plugged and abandoned by a 

licensed well contractor. 

b. Any existing septic tanks on site shall be abandoned at the beginning of construction. 

c. Any existing fuel storage tanks and fuel pumps shall be removed at the beginning of 

construction. 

All stormwater management systems shall be operated to conserve water in order to maintain 

17. 

environmental quality and resource protection; to increase the efficiency of transport, application 

and use; to decrease waste; to minimize unnatural runoff from the property and to minimize 

dewatering of offsite property. 

Each phase or independent portion of the permitted system must be completed in accordance 

18. 

with the permitted plans and permit conditions prior to the occupation of the site or operation of 

site infrastructure located within the area served by that portion or phase of the system. Each 

phase or independent portion of the system must be completed in accordance with the permitted 

plans and permit conditions prior to transfer of responsibility for operation and maintenance of 

that phase or portion of the system to a local government or other responsible entity. 

This permit is valid only for the specific processes, operations and designs indicated on the 

19. 

approved drawings or exhibits submitted in support of the permit application. Any substantial 

deviation from the approved drawings, exhibits, specifications or permit conditions, including 

construction within the total land area but outside the approved project area(s), may constitute 

grounds for revocation or enforcement action by the District, unless a modification has been 

applied for and approved. Examples of substantial deviations include excavation of ponds, ditches 

or sump areas deeper than shown on the approved plans. 

A "Recorded notice of Environmental Resource Permit," Form No. 62-330.090(1), shall be 

20. 

recorded in the public records of the County(s) where the project is located. 

This Permit, ERP No. 43013740.017, cannot be transferred to Operation until either modifications 

21. 

of ERP Nos. 43013740.006 and 43013740.010 (which contain the mitigation areas required to 

offset wetland impacts within ERP Nos. 43013740.015 and 43013740.016) have been issued by 

the District and transferred to Operation or this Permit, ERP No. 43013740.017, has been 

modified to provide an equivalent level of mitigation to be completed by the Permittee. 

Prior to transfer of this permit modification to the operation and maintenance phase, the permittee 

22. 

shall provide reasonable assurance that construction associated with Permit No. 43013740.016 is 

ongoing, and that the state of construction, at the time that the request to transfer this permit to 

the operation and maintenance phase is received, will not adversely impact onsite or offsite 

properties. 

GENERAL CONDITIONS 

1. The general conditions attached hereto as Exhibit "A" are hereby incorporated into this permit by reference 

and the Permittee shall comply with them. 

Michelle K. Hopkins, P.E. 

Authorized Signature 

6 

Page 130 of 139 
†
9774 G2753 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT A 

GENERAL CONDITIONS. 

Page 131 of 139 

1 

The following general conditions are binding on all individual permits issued under this chapter, except where the 

conditions are not applicable to the authorized activity, or where the conditions must be modified to accommodate, 

project-specific conditions. 

a. 

b. 

c. 

d. 

f. 

All activities shall be implemented following the plans, specifications and performance criteria approved by 

this permit. Any deviations must be authorized in a permit modification in accordance with Rule 62-330.315, 

F.A.C., or the permit may be revoked and the permittee may be subject to enforcement action. 

A complete copy of this permit shall be kept at the work site of the permitted activity during the construction 

phase, and shall be available for review at the work site upon request by the Agency staff. The permittee 

shall require the contractor to review the complete permit prior to beginning construction. 

Activities shall be conducted in a manner that does not cause or contribute to violations of state water quality 

standards. Performance-based erosion and sediment control best management practices shall be installed 

immediately prior to, and be maintained during and after construction as needed} to prevent adverse impacts 

to the water resources and adjacent lands. Such practices shall be in accordance with the State of Florida 

Erosion and Sediment Control Designer and Reviewer Manual (Florida Department of Environmental 

Protection and Florida Department of Transponation June 2007), and the Florida Stormwater Erosion and 

Sedimentation Control Inspector's Manual (Florida Department of Environmental Protection, Nonpoint Source 

Management Section, Tallahassee, Florida, July 2008), which are both incorporated by reference in 

subparagraph 62-330.050(8)(b)5, F.A.C., unless a project-specific erosion and sediment control plan is 

approved or other water quality control measures are required as part of the permit. 

At least 48 hours prior to beginning the authorized activities, the permittee shall submit to the Agency a fully 

executed Form 62-330.350(1), "Construction Commencement Notice,"[effective date], incorporated by 

reference herein (<http://www.flrules.org/Gateway/reference.asp?No=Ref-02505> ), indicating the expected 

stan and completion dates. A copy of this form may be obtained from the Agency, as described in subsection 

62-330.010(5), F.A.C. If available, an Agency website that fulfills this notification requirement may be used in 

lieu of the form. 

Unless the permit is transferred under Rule 62-330.340, F.A.C., or transferred to an operating entity under 

Rule 62-330.310, F.A.C., the permittee is liable to comply with the plans, terms and conditions of the permit 

for the life of the project or activity. 

Within 30 days after completing construction of the entire project, or any independent portion of the project, 

the permittee shall provide the following to the Agency, as applicable: 

1. 

2. 

3. 

For an individual, private single-family residential dwelling unit, duplex, triplex, or quadruplex - 

"Construction Completion and Inspection Certification for Activities Associated with a Private 

Single-Family Dwelling Unit" [Form 62-330.310(3)]; or 

For all other activities "As-Built Certification and Request for Conversion to Operational Phase" [Form 

62-330.310(1)]. 

If available, an Agency website that fulfills this certification requirement may be used in lieu of the form. 

If the final operation and maintenance entity is a third party: 

1. Prior to sales of any lot or unit served by the activity and within one year of permit issuance, or within 30 

days of as- built certification, whichever comes first, the permittee shall submit, as applicable, a copy of 

the operation and maintenance documents (see sections 12.3 thru 12.3.3 of Volume l) as filed with the 

Department of State, Division of Corporations and a copy of any easement, plat, or deed restriction 

7 
†
9774 G2754 

OR BK 

h. 

j. 

k. 

m. 

n. 

Page 132 of 139 

2. 

needed to operate or maintain the project, as recorded with the Clerk of the Court in the County in which 

the activity is located. 

Within 30 days of submittal of the as- built certification, the permittee shall submit "Request for Transfer 

of Environmental Resource Permit to the Perpetual Operation Entity" [Form to transfer the 

permit to the operation and maintenance entity, along with the documentation requested in the form. If 

available, an Agency website that fulfills this transfer requirement may be used in lieu of the form. 

The permittee shall notify the Agency in writing of changes required by any other regulatory agency that 

require changes to the permitted activity, and any required modification of this permit must be obtained prior 

to implementing the changes. 

This permit does not: 

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

Convey to the permittee any property rights or privileges, or any other rights or privileges other than 

those specified herein or in Chapter 62-330, F.A.C.; 

Convey to the permittee or create in the permittee any interest in real property; 

Relieve the permittee from the need to obtain and comply with any other required federal, state, and local 

authorization, law, rule, or ordinance; or 

Authorize any entrance upon or work on property that is not owned, held in easement, or controlled by 

the permittee. 

Prior to conducting any activities on state-owned submerged lands or other lands of the state, title to which is 

vested in the Board of Trustees of the Internat Improvement Trust Fund, the permittee must receive all 

necessary approvals and authorizations under Chapters 253 and 258, F.S. Written authorization that 

requires formal execution by the Board of Trustees of the Internal Improvement Trust Fund shall not be 

considered received until it has been fully executed. 

The permittee shall hold and save the Agency harmless from any and all damages, claims, or liabilities that 

may arise by reason of the construction, alteration, operation, maintenance, removal, abandonment or use of 

any project authorized by the permit. 

The permittee shall notify the Agency in writing: 

1. 

2. 

Immediately if any previously submitted information is discovered to be inaccurate; and 

Within 30 days of any conveyance or division of ownership or control of the property or the system, other 

than conveyance via a long-term lease, and the new owner shall request transfer of the permit in 

accordance with Rule 62-330.340, F.A.C. This does not apply to the sale of lots or units in residential or 

commercial subdivisions or condominiums where the stormwater management system has been 

completed and converted to the operation phase. 

Upon reasonable notice to the permittee, Agency staff with proper identification shall have permission to 

enter, inspect, sample and test the project or activities to ensure conformity with the 

plans and specifications authorized in the permit. 

If any prehistoric or historic artifacts, such as pottery or ceramics, stone tools or metal implements, dugout 

canoes, or any other physical remains that could be associated with Native American cultures, or early 

colonial or American settlement are encountered at any time within the project site area , work involving 

subsurface disturbance in the immediate vicinity of such discoveries shall cease. The permittee or other 

designee shall contact the Florida Department of State, Division of Historical Resources, Compliance and 

Review Section, at (850) 245-6333 or (800) 847-7278, as well as the appropriate permitting agency office. 

Such subsurface work shall not resume without verbal or written authorization from the Division of Historical 

Resources. If unmarked human remains are encountered, all work shall stop immediately and notification 

8 
†
9774 G2755 

OR BK 

shall be provided in accordance with Section 872.05, F.S. (2012). 

2. 

Page 133 of 139 

o. 

p. 

q. 

r, 

Any delineation of the extent of a wetland or other surface water submitted as part of the permit application, 

including plans or other supporting documentation, shall not be considered binding unless a specific 

condition of this permit or a formal determination under Rule 62-330.201 , F,A.C., provides otherwise. 

The permittee shall provide routine maintenance of all components of the stormwater management system to 

remove trapped sediments and debris. Removed materials shall be disposed of in a landfill or other uplands 

in a manner that does not require a permit under Chapter 62-330, F.A.C., or cause violations of state water 

quality standards. 

This permit is issued based on the applicant's submitted information that reasonably demonstrates that 

adverse water resource-related impacts will not be caused by the completed permit activity. If any adverse 

impacts result, the Agency witl require the permittee to eliminate the cause, obtain any necessary permit 

modification, and take any necessary corrective actions to resolve the adverse impacts. 

A Recorded Notice of Environmental Resource Permit may be recorded in the county public records in 

accordance with Rule 62-330.090(7), F.A.C. Such notice is not an encumbrance upon the property. 

In addition to those general conditions in subsection (1) above, the Agency shall impose any additional project- 

specific special conditions necessary to assure the permitted activities will not be harmful to the water resources, 

as set forth in Rules 62-330.301 and 62-330.302, F.A.C., Volumes I and Il, as applicable, and the rules 

incorporated by reference in this chapter. 

9 
†
9774 G2756 

OR BK 

SOUTHWEST FLORIDA 

WATER MANAGEMENT DISTRICT 

NOTICE OF 

AUTHORIZATION 

TO COMMENCE CONSTRUCTION 

Bexley North Parcel 5 Phase 1 

PROJECT NAME 

Residential 

PROJECT TYPE 

Pasco 

COUNTY 

S09/T26S/R18E... 

See Permit for additional STR listings 

Pulte Home Company, LLC 

Page 134 of 139 

PERMITTEE 

752804 / 43013740.017 

APPLICATION ID/PERMIT NO: 

DATE ISSUED: 

January 10, 2018 

See permit for additional permittees 

Michelle K. Hopkins, P.E. 

Issuing Authority 

THIS NOTICE SHOULD BE CONSPICUOUSLY 

DISPLAYED AT THE SITE OF THE WORK 

10 
†
9774 G2757 

OR BK 

Notice of Rights 

ADMINISTRATIVE HEARING 

Page 135 of 139 

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

You or any person whose substantial interests are or may be affected by the District's intended or proposed 

action may request an administrative hearing on that action by filing a written petition in accordance with 

Sections 120.569 and 120.57, Florida Statutes (F.s.), Uniform Rules of Procedure Chapter 28-106, Florida 

Administrative Code (F.A.C.) and District Rule 40D-1.1010, F.A.C. Unless otherwise provided by law, a petition 

for administrative hearing must be filed with (received by) the District within 21 days of receipt of written notice of 

agency action. "Written notice" means either actual written notice, or newspaper publication of notice, that the 

District has taken or intends to take agency action. "Receipt of written notice" is deemed to be the fifth day after 

the date on which actual notice is deposited in the United States mail, if notice is mailed to you, or the date that 

actual notice is issued, if sent to you by electronic mail or delivered to you, or the date that notice is published in 

a newspaper, for those persons to whom the District does not provide actual notice. 

Pursuant to Subsection 373.427(2)(c), F.S., for notices of intended or proposed agency action on a 

consolidated application for an environmental resource permit and use of state-owned submerged lands 

concurrently reviewed by the District, a petition for administrative hearing must be filed with (received by) the 

District within 14 days of receipt of written notice. 

Pursuant to Rule 62-532.430, F.A.C., for notices of intent to deny a well construction permit, a petition for 

administrative hearing must be filed with (received by) the District within 30 days of receipt of written notice of 

intent to deny. 

Any person who receives written notice of an agency decision and who fails to file a written request for a hearing 

within 21 days of receipt or other period as required by law waives the right to request a hearing on such 

matters. 

Mediation pursuant to Section 120.573, F.S., to settle an administrative dispute regarding District intended or 

proposed action is not available prior to the filing of a petition for hearing. 

A request or petition for administrative hearing must comply with the requirements set forth in Chapter 28-106, 

F.A.C. A request or petition for a hearing must: (1) explain how the substantial interests of each person 

requesting the hearing will be affected by the District's intended action or proposed action, (2) state all material 

facts disputed by the person requesting the hearing or state that there are no material facts in dispute, and (3) 

otherwise comply with Rules 28-106.201 and 28-106.301, F.A.C. Chapter 28-106, F.A.C. can be viewed at 

www.flrules.org or at the District's website at www.WaterMatters.org/permits/rules. 

A petition for administrative hearing is deemed filed upon receipt of the complete petition by the District Agency 

Clerk at the District's Tampa Service Office during normal business hours, which are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., 

Monday through Friday, excluding District holidays. Filings with the District Agency Clerk may be made by mail, 

hand-delivery or facsimile transfer (fax). The District does not accept petitions for administrative hearing by 

electronic mail. Mailed filings must be addressed to, and hand-delivered filings must be delivered to, the Agency 

Clerk, Southwest Florida Water Management District, 7601 Highway 301 North, Tampa,FL 33637-6759. Faxed 

filings must be transmitted to the District Agency Clerk at (813) 367-9776. Any petition not received during 

normal business hours shall be filed as of 8:00 a.m. on the next business day. The District's acceptance of 

faxed petitions for filing is subject to certain conditions set forth in the District's Statement of Agency Organization 

and Operation, available for viewing at www.WaterMatters.org/about. 

11 
†
9774 G2758 

OR BK 

JUDICIAL REVIEW 

Page 136 of 139 

2. 

Pursuant to Sections 120.60(3) and 120.68, F.S., a party who is adversely affected by District action may seek 

judicial review of the District's action. Judicial review shall be sought in the Fifth District Court of Appeal or in the 

appellate district where a party resides or as otherwise provided by law. 

All proceedings shall be instituted by filing an original notice of appeal with the District Agency Clerk within 30 

days after the rendition of the order being appealed, and a copy of the notice of appeal, accompanied by any 

filing fees prescribed by law, with the clerk of the court, in accordance with Rules 9.110 and 9.190 of the Florida 

Rules of Appellate Procedure (Fla. R. App. P.). Pursuant to Fla. R. App. P. 9.020(h), an order is rendered when 

a signed written order is filed with the clerk of the lower tribunal. 

12 
†
9774 G2759 

OR BK 

EXHIBIT 5 

ADDITIONAL PROPERTY 

003881 74366\343 1 786.v7 

Page 137 of 139 
†
9774 G2760 

OR BK 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco County, 

Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest Corner of said Section 15; Thence along the West boundary of said 

Section 15, N.OOOI 740"E., a distance of 2708.68 feet; thence leaving said West Boundary, 

S.8904220"E., a distance of 200.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING; thence N.00017t40"E., a 

distance of 118.08 feet; thence Northerly, 1316.81 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having 

a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central angle of 3401740" (chord bearing N. 1 605 1 '1 0" W. , 1297.24 feet); 

thence N.34000f00"W., a distance of 3 16.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 488.69 feet along the arc of a 

tangent curve to the right having a radius of 2000.00 feet and a central angle of 1400000" (chord bearing 

N.27000'00"W., 487.48 feet); thence N.20000'00"W., a distance of 316.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 

1814.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 2200.00 feet and a central 

angle of 47015'OO't (chord bearing N.43037'30"W., 1763.29 feet); thence N.22045tOO"E., a distance of 

25.00 feet; thence N.0200ff00"W., a distance of 1730.04 feet; thence N. 10045'00"W., a distance of 

752.72 feet; thence Northeasterly, 1 106.69 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a 

radius of 1371.00 feet and a central angle of 46015100" (chord bearing N.56007'30"E., 1076.89 feet); 

thence N.33000'00"E., a distance of 298.39 feet; thence Northeasterly, 448.93 feet along the arc of a 

tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 1 8000'00" (chord bearing 

N.42000100"E., 447.09 feet); thence N.51 OOOTOO"E., a distance of 109.14 feet; thence Easterly, 39.27 

feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 

90000'00" (chord bearing S.84000'00"E., 35.36 feet); thence S.39000'00"E., a distance of 28.69 feet; 

thence Southeasterly, 546.26 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 

feet and a central angle of 21054108" (chord bearing S.28002f56"E., 542.94 feet); thence Southeasterly, 

1505.37 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 feet and a central 

angle of 54054108" (chord bearing S.44032'56"E., 1448.43 feet); thence S. 72000'00"E., a distance of 

275.00 feet; thence Southeasterly, 1122.22 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a 

radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 44059143" (chord bearing S.4903ff08"E., 1093.60 feet); 

thence Southeasterly, 740.19 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the left having a radius of 1571.00 

feet and a central angle of 26059'43" (chord bearing S.40030'08"E., 733.36 feet); thence Southeasterly, 

1361.32 feet along the arc of a reverse curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central 

angle of 54034155" (chord bearing 1310.42 feet); thence S.00034f55"W., a distance of 

554.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 39.27 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius 

of 25.00 feet and a central angle of 90000100" (chord bearing S.45034'55"W., 35.36 feet); thence 

N.89025'05"W., a distance of 174.00 feet; thence Southwesterly, 1 3 19.35 feet along the arc of a tangent 

curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 feet and a central angle of 70034155" (chord bearing 

S.55017'28"W., 1237.50 feet); thence S.20000T00'tW., a distance of 1257.25 feet; thence Southwesterly, 

1257.28 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central 

angle of 5002439" (chord bearing S.45012'1 9"W., 1217.12 feet); thence S. 7002439" W. , a distance of 

75.50 feet; thence Northwesterly, 67.12 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius 

of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 1 09053'01 " (chord bearing N.54038'51 "W., 57.30 feet) to the POINT 

OF BEGINNING. 

LESS AND EXCEPT THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY: 

A parcel of land lying in Sections 9, 10, 15 and 16, Township 26 South, Range 18 East, Pasco County, 

Florida, and being more particularly described as follows: 

COMMENCE at the Southwest corner of said Section 15, run thence along the West boundary of said 

Section 15, N.0001740"E., 2702.53 feet; thence S.8904220"E., 183.00 feet to the POINT OF 

BEGINNING; thence N.OOOI 7'40"E., a distance of 124.23 feet; thence Northerly, 1306.64 feet along 

003881 1 786.v7 

Page 138 of 139 
†
9774 G2761 

OR BK 

the arc of a tangent curve to the left having a radius of 2183.00 feet and a central angle of 3401740" 

(chord bearing N. 16051 '1 0" W. , 1287.22 feet); thence N.34000'00"W., a distance of 3 16.72 feet; thence 

Northwesterly, 492.85 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 2017.00 feet 

and a central angle of 14000100" (chord bearing N.27000100"W., 491.62 feet); thence a 

distance of 3 16.72 feet; thence Northwesterly, 1507.93 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the left 

having a radius of 21 83.00 feet and a central angle of 39034'40" (chord bearing N.3904T20"W., 1478.13 

feet); thence N.30025'20"E., a distance of 41.56 feet; thence a distance of 55.73 feet; 

thence N. 74009'53"E., a distance of 55.73 feet; thence N.61058' 1 6"E., a distance of 20.82 feet; thence 

s.53036105 

s.02035too 

S. 1800734 

s.35059'00 

s.53055f00 

N.6901 1 '00 

Page 139 of 139 

a distance of 407.50 feet; thence N. 7000711 "E. , 

N.65007'OO"E., 

a distance of 52.16 feet; thence S. 72045'00"E., 

N.89000fOO"E., 

a distance of 45.53 feet; thence S.38045'00"E., 

S.55045'OO"E., 

a distance of 45.53 feet; thence S.04045f00"E., 

S.21045'OO"E., 

a distance of 49.10 feet; thence S.09000100"W., 

S.08014'46"W., 

s.81 OOO'OO"E., a distance of 121.00 feet; thence N.09000'OO"E., 

a distance of 187.26 feet; thence N.57045t00"E., 

S.81 OOO'OOf'E., 

a distance of 53.29 

a distance of 45.53 

a distance of 45.53 

a distance of 45.53 

a distance of 100.00 

a distance of 46.47 

a distance of 575.76 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

Southeasterly, 421.00 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 540.00 feet 

and a central angle of 4404012" (chord bearing S.55012133"E., 410.42 feet); thence N. 1202721 "E., a 

distance of 80.00 feet; thence Easterly, 550.91 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the right 

having a radius of 2040.00 feet and a central angle of 15028123" (chord bearing S.69048'28"E., 549.24 

feet); thence S.27055'44"W., a distance of 80.00 feet; thence Southeasterly, 60.27 feet along the arc of 

a non-tangent curve to the right having a radius of 1960.00 feet and a central angle of 01045143" (chord 

bearing S.6101 1 '25"E., 60.27 feet); thence s.33056100"W., 

a distance of 70.63 

s.630 

N .890 

S.61058132 

s.33056100' 

s.01056'00 

S.33016tOO 

s.78052'00 

N.65056tOO 

N.33056'OO 

S.27021 '56' 

S.71051'OOt 

2627 

"E., 

"E., 

"W., 

"E., 

a distance of 56.65 

a distance of 52.74 

a distance of 55.73 

a distance of 64.16 

a distance of 64.16 

a distance of 55.73 

a distance of 52.74 

a distance of 20.29 

a distance of 57.98 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

thence S.430 

26100' 

thence S. 190 

3200' 

thence S. 150 

40T00"E., 

thence S.560 

04100"E., 

thence N.830 

3200 

thence N.480 

20'00 

thence N.240 

26'00f 

IE., 

thence S.590 

23 '00 

"E., 

thence S.680 

thence S.080 

12'45"W., 

thence S.060 

1826 

thence S.270 

O I TOO"E., 

thence S .440 

57'OO"E., 

thence S.620 

53tOO"E., 

thence S.800 

49'OO"E., 

thence N.78055'3Y'E., 

thence S.490 

a distance 

a distance 

a distance of 36.15 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 75.98 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a distance of 77.33 feet; 

a distance of 65.97 feet; 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

a 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

distance 

of 50.70 

of 50.60 

of 55.73 

of 72.59 

of 55.73 

of 50.60 

of 50.70 

of 57.98 

of 57.98 

of 50.01 

of 75.98 

of 65.97 

of 65.97 

of 65.97 

of 65.97 

of 77.33 

of 73.06 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

feet; 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

thence 

Southwesterly, 377.18 feet along the arc of a non-tangent curve to the left having a radius of 1071.00 

feet and a central angle of 20010141 " (chord bearing S.30005'21 "W. , 375.23 feet); thence S.20000'00"W., 

a distance of 1257.25 feet; thence Southwesterly, 1257.28 feet along the arc of a tangent curve to the 

right having a radius of 1429.00 feet and a central angle of 5002439" (chord bearing S.45012'19" W. , 

1217.12 feet); thence S. 7002439" W. , a distance of 93.58 feet; thence Northwesterly, 67.12 feet along 

the arc of a tangent curve to the right having a radius of 35.00 feet and a central angle of 109053'01 " 

(chord bearing N.54038'5 1 57.30 feet) to the POINT OF BEGINNING. 

003881 1 74366\343 1 786.v7 

DESIGN
GUIDELINES
Original Version
Approved by BOD
November ‚Äì 2018
First Amendment 7-9-2019 ‚Äì Fences
Second Amendment 10-11-2019 ‚Äì Birdcage
Third Amendment 11-26-2019 ‚Äì Birdcage/Roofs
Fourth Amendment ‚Äì Screen Patio/Lanai, Front Screen Door, Prohibited Structures and Trees
Fifth Amendment 8-10-2020 ‚Äì Lighting and Paint
Sixth Amendment ‚Äì Ground Mounted Mechanical Equipment
Seventh Amendment ‚Äì 9-14-2020 ‚Äì Generators
Eighth Amendment ‚Äì 1-15-2021 ‚Äì Appendix A
Ninth Amendment ‚Äì 2-22-2021 ‚Äì Pool, Spas, Jacuzzis
10th Amendment ‚Äì 3-17-2021 ‚Äì Front Doors
11th Amendment ‚Äì 3-23-2021 ‚Äì Garage Door Screens and Request for Structural Changes and Additions
12th Amendment ‚Äì 4-9-2021 ‚Äì Pools, Spas, Jacuzzis
13th Amendment ‚Äì 5-4-2021 ‚Äì Front Doors, Plant Bed Edging and Exterior Balconies
14th Amendment 7-13-2021- Front Storm Door, Fences, Plant Bed Edging
11-2018
2
15th Amendment 2-8-2022- Front Screen Door, Retractable Front Door Screen, Building Attachments, Birdcages, Covered Patio, Lanai Rear Elevation Only, Pool Enclosures, Fence and Mulch Requirements, Shutters
16th Amendment 12-7-2022- Front Screen Door, Accordion Shutters, Fences
ALL CHANGES to the exterior of any home or the landscape of any lot MUST BE APPROVED IN WRITING by the Architectural Review Committee (ARC) or the Community Association Management staff before any work is started.
Each Owner is required to submit plans to and receive written approval from the ARC prior to performing any changes whatsoever to the exterior of their home or lot site. It shall be the responsibility of each Owner to comply with all standards and requirements of these Design Guidelines, as well as all requirements of the Declaration. The Community Declaration for Del Webb Bexley shall prevail over any discrepancies found in these Design Guidelines.
Table of Contents
I. INTRODUCTION‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶ 4
A. Authority 5
B. County Requirements 5
C. Required Approvals 6
D. Installation without Proper Approval 6
E. Warranty Effect 6
II. ARCHITECTURAL REVIEW COMMITTEE AND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY OWNER REQUIREMENTS‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶ 7
A. Residential Property Owners 7
B. Request for Structural Changes and Additions 7
1. Request for Landscape Changes 7
2. Structural Changes 8
C. Architectural Review Committee Review Process 9
III. RESIDENTIAL DESIGN GUIDELINES‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶. 9
A. Modifications to the Structure 10
1. Homes 10
2. Height 10
3. Setback Lines 11
4. Allowed Materials 11
5. Lot Drainage / Roof Drainage 11
6. Roof and Roof Pitch / Slope 11
7. Covered Patio/Lanai 11
8. Front Screen Door 12
9. Exterior Balcony 12
11-2018
3
B. Modifications to the Exterior of the Home 12
1. Air-Conditioning Units 12
2. Ground-Mounted Mechanical Equipment 12
3. Awnings 13
4. Barbecues 13
5. Building Attachments, Birdcages, Pool Enclosures 13
6. Clotheslines 14
7. Door Ornaments 15
8. Driveways, Sidewalk, Entry and Patio 15
9. Flags and Flagpoles 15
10. Front Doors 17
11. Fences 18
12. Furniture ‚Äì Outdoor 19
13. Garage Doors 19
14. Generators 19
15. Lightning Protection Systems 19
16. Lighting 20
17. Mailboxes 21
18. Outdoor Kitchen 21
19. Paint 21
20. Pergolas 21
21. Pools, Spas, Jacuzzi‚Äôs 22
22. Prohibited Structures 22
23. Replacement Roof Shingles 23
24. Satellite Dishes, Antennas, Internet Receivers 23
25. Shutters 24
26. Signs ‚Äì See also Article XIII, Section 18 of the Declaration 24
27. Storage of Tools, Machinery 25
28. Trash Containers 25
29. Wall Decorations; Wall Fountains 25
30. Retaining Walls 25
31. Water Softeners / Purifier Systems 26
32. Window Coverings 26
33. Window Treatments, Tinting 26
34. Solar Tubes and Panels (Roof Mounted) 26
35. Stone Veneer on Front Elevations 25
C. Modifications to the Landscape ‚Äì Living Things and Mulch Materials 27
1. Dead or Diseased Landscape 27
2. Mix of Plantings 27
3. Mulch Materials 27
4. Mulch Materials ‚Äì Designs 27
5. Permitted Ground Cover 27
6. Plastic Sheeting 28
7. Restrictions on Paved Cover 28
8. Lake or Retention Pond Lots 28
9. Rock Yards 28
10. Florida Friendly 28
11-2018
4
11. Shrubs 29
12. Trees 29
13. Turf Grass (Sod) 29
14. Uniformity 30
D. Modifications to the Landscape - Additional Items - Non-Living 30
1. Arbors 30
2. Artifacts 31
3. Birdbaths 31
4. Birds 31
5. Fire Features (Barbeques, Chimneys, Fire Pits, and Fireplaces) 31
6. Flowers - Artificial 31
7. Fountains 31
8. Holiday Decorations 32
9. Planting Pots 33
10. Ponds 33
11. Statues 33
12. Trellises 33
13. Plant Bed Edging 33
EXHIBIT A TURF GRASS REQUIREMENTS‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶. 34
APPENDIX A COMMONLY USED ORNAMENTAL LANDSCAPING‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶... 35
APPENDIX B FLORIDA FRIENDLY PLANTS‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶‚Ä¶.. 38
I. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to Del Webb Bexley.
Del Webb Bexley is an active adult community designed to respect the visual character of its development and to minimize environmental impacts. The Board has adopted these Design Guidelines to sustain these principles and fulfill the below objectives:
‚Ä¢ To preserve and maintain the inherent qualities of the community and individual neighborhoods while allowing for the design and construction of individual homes.
‚Ä¢ To advocate the protection and promotion of property values through the establishment of written standards.
‚Ä¢ To exercise architectural control within the Community by reviewing improvement modification requests submitted by residents for their property.
The Design Guidelines provide an overall framework to allow the community to develop and progress in an orderly and cohesive manner, implementing planning concepts and philosophy which are required by regulatory agencies and desirable to residents. The Design Guidelines include minimum standards for the design, size, location, style, structure, materials, color, mode of architecture, mode of landscaping and relevant criteria for the construction and modifications of improvements of any nature. They also establish a process for judicious review of proposed new developments and changes within the community.
11-2018
5
The Design Guidelines have been prepared by Pulte Home Company, LLC as the developer (hereinafter called the ‚ÄúDeclarant‚Äù) pursuant to the Community Declaration, as amended, for Del Webb Bexley (‚ÄúDeclaration‚Äù) recorded in the Public Records Pasco County, Florida. They may be changed and amended to serve the needs of an evolving community pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Declaration and in these Design Guidelines.
The Declarant established the Del Webb Bexley Community Association, Inc. (hereinafter called the ‚ÄúAssociation‚Äù) and established the Architectural Review Committee (ARC) which is authorized to oversee administration of these Design Guidelines. Adherence to the standards contained in these Design Guidelines will contribute to the continuation of the inherent and natural attributes of the community as a highly desirable place to live.
A. Authority
The Developer shall have the exclusive authority to administer and enforce architectural controls and to review and act upon all applications for original construction within Del Webb Bexley. There shall be no surrender of this right except in a written instrument in recordable form executed by the Developer.
Please be reminded that the Design Guidelines serve only as a supplement to the Community Association Governing Documents.
To the extent that any government ordinance, building code, or regulation requires a more restrictive standard than that found in these Design Guidelines or the Declaration, the government ordinance, building code, or regulation shall prevail.
To the extent that the government ordinance, building code, or regulation is less restrictive than these Design Guidelines or the Declaration, then the Declaration and Design Guidelines shall prevail.
B. County Requirements
Approval by the ARC shall not relieve the Property Owner or Resident of the requirement, if any, to secure necessary permits, authorizations, inspections, etc., required by any governmental body or organization BEFORE beginning work on a project. Owners are advised that Pasco County, as applicable, may require certain permits depending on the proposed change, alteration, or addition. It is the Owner‚Äôs responsibility to comply with permit requirements.
Further, by approving an application, neither the ARC nor the Association, is guaranteeing or taking a position with regard to the appropriateness, completeness, sufficiency, format, or any other standard regarding the acceptability of any filing made with a governmental body or organization.
If that agency requires modification to such plans, such modifications must also be approved by the ARC for the Owner to remain in compliance with these Design Guidelines.
11-2018
6
Before planning any modifications to your home or landscaping requiring approvals under these Design Guidelines, we encourage you to consult with the appropriate governmental agency to determine the applicable governmental requirements.
C. Required Approvals
As described in the Declaration and/or the Design Guidelines, an Owner is required to submit an application to the Architectural Review Committee hereinafter referred (ARC) and receive written approval of plans before making any changes to their home, including, but not limited to:
1. Making external changes or improvements.
2. Modifying or adding to existing structure (including any exterior painting).
3. Installing a pool or spa or other water features.
4. Constructing or installing fences, decks, patios, or hardscape such as paving, walls, brick, masonry, landscape timbers, wood trim, concrete, rocks, flagstone, permanent outdoor barbecues, fireplaces, fountains, or other water features or any inert material.
5. Landscape, alteration of grading or drainage.
6. Placement of any object, including furniture, ornament, monument, statue or similar accessory upon a lot that is visible from the street or by neighbors, including lighting, flags, satellite dishes, or lawn ornaments.
It is the responsibility of each Owner to comply with all requirements of these Design Guidelines in addition to the Declaration and any applicable Supplemental Declarations.
D. Installation without Proper Approval
Each application must be submitted to the Architectural Review Committee for approval prior to commencing any work. Samples of proposed materials should be submitted to the Architectural Review Committee for approval along with the application. Each application must have a sketch rendering the final appearance, including existing and new modification after the modification has been completed if so requested by the ARC. Modifications made prior to issuance of the Architectural Review Committee‚Äôs written approval will not receive automatic approval and Owners will be required to remove the modification if it is not within the specified guidelines. A time limit for correction will be established by the Architectural Review Committee on a case by case basis.
E. Warranty Effect
Neither the Del Webb Bexley Community Association nor the Architectural Review Committee makes any representation regarding the effect that any modification application has on the home warranty provided by Pulte Home Company, LLC to the homeowner. Both the Del Webb Bexley Community Association and the Architectural Review Committee advise the homeowner to contact their Customer Relations Manager to determine whether their requested modification(s) may have an adverse effect on their home warranty.
11-2018
7
II. ARCHITECTURAL REVIEW COMMITTEE AND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY OWNER REQUIREMENTS
The Architectural Review Committee has been established to maintain the integrity of the architectural and design character established by the Board of Directors at Del Webb Bexley, and the board shall have the exclusive authority to appoint and remove all members of the Architectural Review Committee.
A. Residential Property Owners
Each Owner is required to submit plans to and receive written approval from the Architectural Review Committee prior to performing any changes whatsoever to the exterior of their home or lot. It shall be the responsibility of each Owner to comply with all standards and requirements of these Design Guidelines, as well as all requirements of the Declaration.
B. Request for Structural Changes and Additions
All applications submitted for additions, alterations or modifications regarding the exterior of any existing home, whether it be landscape related or structure related, must be accompanied by a copy of the Contractor‚Äôs License and Liability Insurance,
The Owner shall submit a completed Exterior Architectural Review form and plans for the proposed improvement as follows:
1. Request for Landscape Changes
For landscape changes, Owners shall submit a copy of the plan(s), which should include the following items:
a. The Owners name, section name and number, lot number, street address, name, address and phone number of the landscape designer/company and a copy of their business license and insurance.
b. A plot plan showing north arrow, scale of drawing, existing site features with labels, trees (size and type), shrubs, lot lines, all adjacent land uses, i.e., common area, boulevard, and edge of streets.
c. Show proposed site features with labels and/or legend for home, service area(s), including but not limited to deck(s), patio(s), walk(s) and drive including any additional hardscape that Owner desires, such as brick, masonry, landscape timbers, wood edging, concrete, rocks, or other inert materials.
d. Provide a plant list with the following information: Plant key for any abbreviations used, scientific and/or common names including the varieties, quantity, size and spacing.
11-2018
8
e. Proposed plant list including locations of proposed trees, shrubs, ground covers, mulching and grassing (all clearly labeled). Indicate center of proposed plant with a ‚Äú+‚Äù and the center of an existing plant with an ‚Äúo‚Äù.
f. Amendments to a previously approved plan should clearly indicate existing plantings to be removed, as well as the proposed replacements or additions.
g. List specifically on the Architectural Review form any non-living additions to landscape plans, i.e., bird bath, statue, etc., showing size, materials, colors, etc.
h. An estimated timeframe for completion of the landscaping changes and, if applicable, a description of the estimated completion time/date for each phase of the work to be done.
2. Structural Changes
For changes or additions to the home, Owner shall submit:
a. The Owners name, section name and number, lot number, street address, name, address and phone number of the contractor and a copy of their business license and insurance.
b. A plot or survey plan showing north arrow, scale of drawing, existing site features with labels, lot lines, all adjacent land uses, i.e., common area, boulevard, and edge of streets.
c. An estimated completion date and schedule.
d. Owner or contractor shall draw the proposed changes or additions to the exterior elevation. If Owner has a photograph of another house, or picture out of a magazine that will assist the Architectural Review Committee, such photo should be submitted.
e. The application should contain a description of the materials Owner plans to use in such changes or additions. Samples should also be submitted.
f. If the change or addition affects the roof or roofline, a roof plan should also be submitted. See Section III. A. 6, ‚ÄúRoof and Roof Pitch / Slope‚Äù.
Any permit issued, or approval by the appropriate county agency shall in no manner whatsoever bind the Architectural Review Committee with respect to approval or denial of any application or items submitted for consideration. The Architectural Review Committee shall be fully independent and will have full authority for approval or denial of any such matters.
11-2018
9
C. Architectural Review Committee Review Process
The Architectural Review Committee shall review such submittals without a hearing and based solely on the information contained within each submittal. The Architectural Review Committee shall respond within forty-five (45) days or the application shall be deemed disapproved.
Upon completion of review by the Architectural Review Committee, the Architectural Review Committee‚Äôs decision shall be rendered in writing in one of the following three forms:
1. ‚ÄúApproved‚Äù ‚Äì The entire document submitted is approved in total
2. ‚ÄúApproved with Conditions Noted Below‚Äù ‚Äì The document submitted is partially approved. An Owner may proceed with the work to be performed and is responsible for compliance with any and all notations on the submittal.
3. ‚ÄúNot Approved‚Äù ‚Äì The entire document submitted is not approved and no work may commence.
An appeal must be made to the Architectural Review Committee. It is recommended that the Owner appear before the Architectural Review Committee at the time of the appeal.
If the requested modification is again ‚ÄúNot Approved‚Äù by the Architectural Review Committee, the Owner may submit an appeal in writing to the Association‚Äôs Board of Directors within thirty (30) days of the final decision of the Architectural Review Committee. The decision of the Board of Directors shall be final on all matters submitted to it.
III. RESIDENTIAL DESIGN GUIDELINES
NOTE: ALL CHANGES to the exterior of any home or the landscape of any lot MUST BE APPROVED IN WRITING by the Architectural Review Committee before any work is started. Any changes to any home, whether or not subject to approval hereunder, may change, impact or void home warranties granted to Owners. Any approvals granted hereunder may not consider the impact of proposed changes on existing warranties and shall not be deemed to conform to any existing warranties benefiting Owners.
Each Owner is required to submit plans to and receive written approval from the Architectural Review Committee prior to performing any changes whatsoever to the exterior of their home or lot site. It shall be the responsibility of each Owner to comply with all standards and requirements of these Design Guidelines, as well as all requirements of the Declaration.
All approved modifications shall be commenced and completed within one (1) year of approval. If modifications are not completed within the one (1) year time frame, Owner will have to reapply under the then current Design Guidelines. All approved modifications shall proceed to completion once commenced and the failure of any Owner to complete any approved modifications within the timeframe for their completion, as approved by the Architectural Review Committee, shall result in the automatic disapproval of the proposed completions. Once any approved modifications have become disapproved as a result of an Owner‚Äôs failure to
11-2018
10
complete the modifications within the approved timeframe, the Owner shall be required to resubmit and obtain approval of its planned modifications to the Architectural Review Committee in accordance with the procedures set forth herein and in the Declaration before any additional work may proceed.
‚Ä¢ ARC Inspections:
Periodic inspections may be made (but shall not be required to be made) by a representative of the ARC during or after completion of the modifications to determine compliance with the application submitted for the project, Design Documents, and the Design Guidelines. Residents are required to provide reasonable access, be present upon request, and cooperate fully with members of the ARC and its representatives. Residents are obligated to take remedial action as may be required by the Association to bring violations into compliance.
‚Ä¢ Damage to Community Improvements:
Residents shall be responsible for the cost and repair or replacement of any improvements in the Common Areas or neighboring properties that are damaged or destroyed by Resident, or Resident‚Äôs agent(s), employees, contractors, subcontractors, or suppliers. Owners are responsible for the cost and expense for any repairs or replacement that may be required to restore improvements to their original condition. Affected improvements include, but are not limited to, damage to utilities, infrastructure, trees and other landscaping, drainage improvements and facilities, erosion control devices, vertical improvements, streetlights, signage, rights-of-way, sidewalks, curbs and roadways. In the event that Resident fails to complete necessary repairs within the timeframe determined by the Association, the Association shall have the right, but not the obligation, to affect such repairs at the Resident‚Äôs cost and expense.
A. Modifications to the Structure
1. Homes
The architectural design of any and all additions, alterations, repainting and renovations to the exterior of any home shall strictly conform to the design of the original home in style, detailing, materials, and color. There will be no structural additions permitted to the front of any home extending beyond the original front line of the home.
2. Height
The height of any addition to an existing home shall not be higher than the original roofline.
3. Setback Lines
An addition to a home shall be built within the front, side and rear setback lines originally established, or as changed by the Declarant with the requisite approval of Pasco County, as applicable, regardless of more lenient requirements of any local governmental authority.
11-2018
11
4. Allowed Materials
All materials used in maintenance, repair, additions, and alterations shall match those used in the original construction of the home as to color, composition, type and method of attachment. The Architectural Review Committee may allow substitute materials if it deems such materials to be compatible with the theme of the community.
5. Lot Drainage / Roof Drainage
When any additions, alterations, or renovations are performed to a home, the established lot drainage shall not be altered.
No Owner or Resident shall alter the natural drainage on any lot to increase materially the drainage of storm water onto adjacent property without the consent of the Owner(s) of the affected property and the Architectural Review Committee. All new or altered roofs shall drain to the ground solely within the deeded lot area. No drainage shall flow directly onto a neighboring property.
6. Roof and Roof Pitch / Slope
No alterations or improvements shall be made which provide an essentially flat or shed-type roof surface. The roof slope of any hard / shingled roof shall be consistent (same pitch / slope) with the existing rooflines and be tied into the existing roof structure. Any roof additions must have the appearance of being part of the original structure.
A request for any hard roof addition must be accompanied by photocopies of the architectural drawings and written specifications that will be submitted to the County.
7. Covered Patio/Lanai Rear Elevation Only
Owners with a covered patio or lanai may later enclose the same with standard charcoal color screen (not to be confused with solar screen) or a combination of windows and standard charcoal color screen. Covered Patio/Lanai must be located along the rear elevation of the home. Any renovation of a covered patio to a screened patio or lanai (or a window/screen combination) shall be made only after application to, and written approval by, the Architectural Review Committee.
When enclosing a covered patio with an existing roof, a knee wall may be added. The knee wall may be no more than twenty-four inches (24‚Äù) high and may be constructed of wood frame or concrete block covered with stucco to match the original structure of the home, or bronze to match the metal framing.
8. Front Screen Door/Doorway
Front screen doors may be added to the front doors of homes with ARC approval. Retractable front door screens are permitted in lieu of a storm door and must follow the same guidelines as such. The screen door must be simple and not have any decorative designs depicting any flora, fauna or human figures. Front doorways located on the home‚Äôs front elevation and which are directly in front of the door may be screened with ARC approval. Summerwood- Screen must be installed behind the stone veneer making the stone veneer completely visible from the street. Stonewater- Screen must be installed behind the stone veneer making the stone veneer completely visible from the street.
11-2018
12
Martin- Screen must be installed from behind the pillars. Pinnacle- Front door only. Taft- Screen may be installed to tie in with the first corner of the breezeway or no more than 6‚Äô from the front door. Steel- Front door only. Contour- Front door only. Hallmark- Front door only. Mystique- Screen must be installed on the inner most portion of the archway closest to the door. The stucco archway must be visible from the street. Mainstay- Screen must be installed no more than 4 feet from the front door within the breezeway. Stardom- Screen must be installed on the inner most portion of the archway closest to the door. Renown- Screen must installed within the first 10‚Äô of the breezeway. Prosperity- Screen must be installed on the inner most portion of the entranceway closest to the door. Stellar- Screen must be installed on the inner most portion of the columns and cannot attach to the corner facing the front elevation.
The screening material must be charcoal in color and the frame must be bronze.
All applications must include pictures of the proposed door.
9. Exterior Balconies
Homes shall only be permitted to include exterior balconies on the ground floor. No second story or higher balconies shall be permitted.
B. Modifications to the Exterior of the Home
1. Air-Conditioning Units
No Owner shall construct, erect, or place on their lot any window air conditioning unit.
2. Ground-Mounted Mechanical Equipment
All ground-mounted mechanical equipment (including, but not limited to HVAC, pool pumps and pool heaters) added after closing requires ARC approval. Proposed location must be indicated on the lot survey when the application is submitted for consideration. The location of ground-mounted mechanical equipment may not create an unreasonable visual or audible nuisance to neighbors and must be screened from view.
Screening for ground-mounted mechanical equipment shall be of a material and color compatible with the design of the residence and must screen the equipment at the time of installation. All screens, whether landscape structures or plant materials, shall allow a minimum of two feet (2‚Äô) clearance from the equipment to allow for adequate air circulation around the equipment. Fence panels are not considered to be acceptable screening for ground-mounted mechanical equipment, unless the panels are screened by plantings from view from the street or side of the house.
If it is determined that the use, presence and noise of the ground-mounted mechanical equipment unreasonably affects the use of surrounding properties, then the ARC may impose additional restrictions (even if the ARC already approved the installation or if the project is completed).
Roof-mounted equipment, including mechanical, air conditioning and heating equipment, will not be allowed except as mandated by Florida Statutes.
11-2018
13
3. Awnings
Motorized, retractable awnings are allowed on the rear of the home to cover a patio. Manual awnings are not allowed. All awnings must have ARC approval prior to installation. The awning must be a solid color that accents the current color of the home and must include a wireless automatic wind sensor. All applications must include pictures of the proposed awning and photographs of the rear of the home where the awning will be installed. All awnings must be kept closed when not in use.
4. Barbecues
Barbecue equipment must be placed in the rear of the home. If the stored barbeque equipment is easily visible from a street that passes either the front or side of a home, then additional landscaping is required so that the equipment cannot be seen.
5. Building Attachments, Birdcages, Pool Enclosures
Birdcage (full screen enclosure over concrete pad) additions shall be allowed. Birdcages must be constructed of bronze metal framing with standard charcoal color screen (not to be confused with solar screen). Bird cages shall not extend beyond the sides of the home. Bird cages shall not be higher than the roof the home. 100% screen windows are permitted within the birdcage and or the extension of the Patio. The windows must have screens and align with these requirements.
a. Acrylic windows only
b. Weather resistant 4-mil (3/16‚Äù) Acrylic
c. Must be 100% charcoal screened
d. Bronze Aluminum
All birdcage additions must be constructed on poured concrete and be anchored in accordance with county building guidelines. A birdcage structure may have an aluminum kick plate that matches the color of the birdcage/enclosure frame.
The roof style of the birdcage should complement the roof style of the home. The following materials can be used for the roof of the birdcage:
a. Standard charcoal color screen
b. Florida glass screen
c. Insulated or corrugated solid roof surface
For screened roofs: Mansard, Gable, and Hip rooftops meet the community standards. Any style of screened roof that is installed by the Developer/Builder is also acceptable.
A solid surface roof extending from the home shall also be permitted in lieu of a screened roof. The roofing material can be insulated/composite (aluminum with a 3‚Äù insulated panel in between, bronze in color to match the birdcage frame). If the roof does not match the birdcage frame, it can be screened from view and hidden under a screened roof.
11-2018
14
Additionally, the solid surface roof can be constructed to extend from the home if a homeowner is extending their lanai and it is tied into the existing roof and the shingles match to provide a seamless look. No solid aluminum or pan roofs shall be permitted.
If a birdcage is installed and the home doesn‚Äôt have a fence, an approved mulch or rock border will be required around the perimeter of the birdcage where the birdcage meets sod. This border will be at the expense of the homeowner and will be maintained at the expense of the homeowner.
6. Clotheslines
No resident shall place, erect, install or construct a Clothesline System on any lot without submitting plans to and receiving written approval from the ARC.
a. As herein used, the term Clothesline Systems shall include the following outdoor systems:
‚Ä¢ Pole-to-pole clotheslines
‚Ä¢ Fixed head rotary clotheslines
‚Ä¢ Folding rotary clotheslines
‚Ä¢ Retractable clotheslines
‚Ä¢ Wall mounted drying racks
‚Ä¢ Fold down drying racks
‚Ä¢ Window mountable clothing drying racks
‚Ä¢ Other systems designed for the outdoor drying of clothes
b. The purpose of this Subsection is to support the use of renewable energy sources while protecting the aesthetics of the community and ensuring the health and safety of the community in the event of a hurricane or other wind storm. Pursuant to Section 163.04, Florida Statutes, the ARC shall not prohibit homeowners from installing a Clothesline System; however, the ARC may oversee the location, size and installation of the Clothesline System, so long as its oversight does not have the effect of prohibiting the Clothesline System.
c. Installation Requirements
i. All materials shall meet or exceed applicable building codes in effect at the time of installation.
ii. To the extent possible, without materially affecting system operation, exterior Clothesline Systems shall be located in the rear yard of the home at least ten (10) feet from any lot line. If possible, the exterior Clothesline Systems must be positioned so they‚Äôre not be visible from the street.
iii. No exterior Clothesline System shall be permanently installed in a setback area.
iv. No exterior Clothesline System shall be attached to trees, perimeter walls, fencing or any other object not specifically designed for use as part of a Clothesline System.
v. Prior to digging, the Resident shall ensure compliance with F.S. Chapter 556, Underground Facility Damage Prevention and Safety.
11-2018
15
vi. Ground mounted supports MUST be installed using removable supports, such as the removable support shown in Diagram A, below. Supports MUST be removed and stored out of sight when not in use.
NOTE: Set support to the depth recommended in manufacturers installation instructions.
d. Use. No items are permitted to remain on a Clothesline System overnight. Items being dried must be removed by dusk.
7. Door Ornaments
One wreath, or similar sized object, per front entry door is allowed, excluding holiday ornamentation. (See also D-8, Holiday decorations.)
8. Driveways, Sidewalk, Entry and Patio
A colored entry or patio using stain, textured coatings or pavers requires approval. The color(s) must complement the color of the home. The proposed colors(s) for the patio or entry of the home must be with the application submitted to the Architectural Review Committee. The sealing of driveway pavers requires ARC approval as well.
Changes to width of a driveway or sidewalk will be considered on a case-by-case basis.
9. Flags and Flagpoles
a. Each resident may display in a respectful manner one portable, removable United States flag or official flag of the State of Florida and one portable, removable official flag, not larger than 4 ¬Ω feet by 6 feet, which represents the United States Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard, or a POW-MIA flag on residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use.
b. Flag Pole (freestanding) - Each resident may erect one permanent or telescoping stand-alone standard metal flag pole that is no more than 20 feet high. The flag pole may not be installed within or upon any easement, nor installed any closer than 10 feet from the back of curb, or within 10 feet of any lot line. The flagpole cannot obstruct sightlines at any intersections. The resident may further display from the flagpole, one official United States flag, not larger than 4 ¬Ω feet by 6 feet, and may additionally display one official flag of the State of Florida or the United States
11-2018
16
Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard, or a POW-MIA flag. Such additional flag must be equal in size to or smaller than the United States flag. Any such flagpole shall be on residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use.
Flag Pole (wall mount) - On residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use, each resident may erect one flag pole made of aluminum, fiberglass, metal or wood. No Flag may extend so that the end protrudes more than 6 feet from the exterior wall of the dwelling to which it is attached. The below chart includes acceptable (wall mount) flag pole lengths and flag sizes. Wall mount flag poles may only be attached to the dwelling and may be attached to hang horizontally or at an angle from the dwelling.
Flag Pole
Flag Size
Five Foot (5‚Äô)
Two and One-Half Feet x Four Feet (2 ¬Ω‚Äô x 4‚Äô)
Six Foot (6‚Äô)
Three Feet x Five Feet (3‚Äô x 5‚Äô)
If the wall mount flag pole is not illuminated, then ARC approval prior to installation is not required. If a resident however seeks to illuminate the wall mount flag pole, then ARC approval is required prior to installation.
c. Banner or Garden Flag Pole (freestanding) ‚Äì On residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use, each resident may install one freestanding banner or garden flag pole that must be installed within a plant bed. If a resident wishes to display a flag other than the flags listed in B. 9(a) of these Design Guidelines, then it may be displayed on this style flag pole only. This type of display does not require ARC approval prior to installation.
i. Banner or Garden Flag Pole (wall mounted) ‚Äì On residential property that such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use, each resident may install one wall mounted banner or garden flag pole. If a resident wishes to display a flag other than the flags listed in B. 9(a) of these Design Guidelines, then it may be also displayed on this style flag pole. This type of display does not require ARC approval prior to installation.
ii. Any flag pole installed in accordance with these Design Guidelines is subject to all building codes, zoning setbacks, and other applicable governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, noise and lighting ordinances in the county or municipality in which the flag pole is erected and all setback and location criteria contained in the governing documents.
iii. Residents may only install flag poles and/or display flags on residential property that which such resident has a separate ownership interest or a right to exclusive possession or use.
iv. Residents must follow the United States Flag Code when displaying the United States Flag. If a United States Flag is flown after dark, it must be illuminated.
11-2018
17
When the flag is displayed against a wall vertically or horizontally, its union (stars) should be at the top, to the flag's own right, and to the observer's left.
v. All displayed flags must be maintained in good condition. The display of a flag not specifically identified in section B. 9(a) above, may only be displayed as a freestanding banner or on a garden flag pole and is subject to the right of the Association or Developer to require removal of a flag that it determines draws excessive attention or traffic and/or lacking in good taste, and/or in contradiction to these guidelines.
vi. Banner Style ‚Äì a resident may also display banner style a flag listed in Section B. 9(a) of these Design Guidelines. This type of display does not require ARC approval prior to installation.
vii. The following information must be included with the application: flag pole size and material, intended flag pole location (noted on a photo or rendering of the elevation), type of flag and flag size. If the plan includes illumination, then the application must also include the illumination plan.
10. Front Doors
Door inserts shall be subject to ARC application and approval. Applications for inserts with nature scenes, including animals, fauna and the like, inserts depicting any particular image, or inserts with lettering or wording will not be approved. Inserts with non-descriptive abstract or geometric patterns will be permitted. Colored glass inserts are prohibited. Clear, frosted, or textured glass inserts will be permitted. The size of the glass insert may be either ¬æ or full (examples are shown below). The design of the glass insert is not limited to the designs shown. A copy of the exact glass design to be installed must be included with the ARC application.
Glass storm doors are permitted. Retractable front door screens are permitted in lieu of a storm door and must follow the same guidelines as such, the frame must match the
11-2018
18
home‚Äôs door frame and the glass can be a single or double panel exclusive of decoration. The single or double panel shall be considered a full door panel. Please see below pictures as an example showing a double panel. The glass panels may be open to allow for a screen. Applications must be made to the ARC and should include a catalogue cut.
11. Fences
Fences are permitted if a swimming pool is constructed. Prior to fence installation, the property must be surveyed by a licensed surveyor; the survey stakes must stay in place until the Association has completed its final inspection.
All fences require Architectural Review Committee Approval prior to installation.
The only allowable types of fences are tan PVC and black aluminum. No wooden or chain link fences are permitted. Fences shall not be installed flush to the ground so that drainage will be blocked in any way. Due to the CDD‚Äôs maintenance requirements and responsibilities, the installation of fences within a drainage easement area is not expected to be approved by the ARC. However, in the event a fence is installed within a drainage easement area, with prior written ARC approval, the Owner is solely responsible for fence repair or replacement if the drainage easement area needs to be accessed.
The fence shall extend from a point ten (10‚Äô) feet behind the front facade of building structure, to the side property line on each side thereafter to, and across the rear property line. The bottom portion of any fence shall be no closer to the ground than 3‚Äù to allow for proper drainage and lawn maintenance. Only the good side of the fence may face outward. No posts or stringers may be visible from the outside of the fence. Side and rear yard fencing shall be installed
11-2018
19
16‚Äô‚Äôwithin lot lines to allow for a mulch border on the exterior side of the fence. Mulch beds are required to be at least 1‚Äô wide on either side of the fence Fencing on corner lots will require close coordination with the ARC, and fencing may be prohibited or restricted on some lots.
Homes on Lots which abut, run along, intersect with or joint the perimeter of any retention area or conservation area shall install 4‚Äô black aluminum, open style picket fences. The open spaces between the pickets shall be 3‚Äù inches apart or 3‚Äù and 7/8‚Äù apart. All other homes shall install 6‚Äô tan PVC privacy fences.
12. Furniture ‚Äì Outdoor
No foldable or stackable plastic furniture is allowed in the front of the home. Foldable or stackable plastic furniture may be used in the rear yard only. Furniture is not permitted on the landscaped ground surfaces of any lot (i.e., sodded grass lawn, planted ground cover, or approved mulch materials).
13. Garage Doors
Garage doors must be kept closed except when the garage is in use or when a garage screen is in place. Sliding, electric or manual roll up screens are allowed. Frames, in general, are bronze or white in color depending on the soffit and fascia color. Other frame colors in the black/bronze/brown/white spectrum may be considered if they coordinate with the house color and the garage color or trim. Screen color must coordinate with the frame color.
All applications must include pictures of the proposed garage screen frame design and photographs of the soffit and fascia.
14. Generators
Generators to be utilized during power outages may be installed inside the garage without application. Those located outside the home may be installed in the rear of the home after proper approval and are subject to applicable setback standards and shall be appropriately screened by approved landscaping. Generators may also be located on the side of the home where the gas hookup is. The generator must be adequately shielded from view from the street with landscape material. Generators shall only be allowed on the side-yard if there is enough space to allow for landscape material that doesn‚Äôt violate setback requirements, interfere with a drainage swale and/or drainage facility and interfere with landscape/irrigation maintenance of the home. Generators operated by propane are required to bury propane tanks in accordance with applicable setback standards.
15. Lightning Protection Systems
Lightning protection systems are allowed. Systems shall be installed by a certified contractor and in accordance with the following:
a. National Fire Protection Assoc. (NFPA) Document #780
b. Underwriters‚Äô Laboratories, Inc. (UL) Standard #96A
c. Lightning Protection Institute (LPI) Standard #175
11-2018
20
All components shall be aluminum, copper, bronze or stainless steel and shall not be installed in locations where corrosion of dissimilar metals may occur. All components must complement the existing color scheme of the home.
All applications for lightning protection systems must include detailed drawings of the proposed installation including photos of the products to be used.
16. Lighting
a. Low-voltage light fixtures for low-level landscape and path lighting are allowed. Tree mounted down lights shall be shielded from street and neighbor‚Äôs view.
b. All lighting installed on a lot should be low level and recessed to shield the source of the light. No lighting shall be permitted that constitutes a nuisance or hazard to any Owner or neighboring property. All architectural lighting must be attached to the Structure and all landscape lighting must not be located within 10'-0" from the front lot line and 3'-0" from the side lot line and shall only be located in the plant beds.
c. Post lamps are not permitted.
d. Holiday lighting and decorations will be permitted so long as the lights and decorations are unobtrusive and do not constitute a nuisance.
e. Building mounted light fixtures, including spotlights and floodlights shall conform to the architecture of the home. A maximum of two [2] wall- or eave-mounted spot lights, not exceeding 150 watts per fixture, are permitted only on the rear plane of a Structure, unless otherwise approved by the ARC. Fixtures must be mounted less than 12'-0" above grade and fitted with a shield to minimize light spillage. Lamps may not be directed at such an angle to cause excessive glare or light spillage which may affect adjoining lots, as determined by the ARC. Wall- and eave mounted spot / flood lights are not permitted in front or side yard areas, unless otherwise approved by the ARC. Any enclosure of a light fixture shall be designed to conceal the lamp (bulb) and direct the light downward.
f. Shrubs shall be used to conceal landscape lighting fixtures. Junction boxes shall be placed below grade to minimize daytime visibility of the hardware.
g. All landscape fixtures must use low-voltage lamps.
h. Yellow ‚Äúbug‚Äù lights may be installed in home-mounted outdoor light fixtures in back yard only.
i. The style and color of the housing of any future replacement light fixture(s) must be similar in appearance to the architecture of the community.
j. All lighting must be reviewed and approved by the ARC prior to installation.
11-2018
21
17. Mailboxes
No mailboxes (including newspaper boxes), other than as installed by Declarant, shall be permitted. The color, size, appearance, and location of the mailboxes installed by Declarant shall not be altered.
18. Outdoor Kitchen
Outdoor kitchens may only be located on a paver or poured concrete surface and must be of a color and design compatible with the architectural theme of the home. Outdoor kitchens must be at least ten feet (10‚Äô) from any property lot line and may only be located in the rear yard. Outdoor kitchens must be compliant with all applicable government codes, including fire and safety requirements.
19. Paint
The exterior of a house may be repainted with the original paint colors after obtaining Architectural Review Committee approval. If a Resident desires to paint any part of the exterior of a house a color other than its original paint color, then the Resident must also obtain ARC approval.
Approved exterior color schemes are available for viewing upon request from HOA management. Applicants must choose an established, approved scheme in effect at the time of their application. Changing how colors are used within a scheme is allowed, e.g., the secondary body color could be used for a main body color, but the front door/garage door color may not be used as a body color. Approval of any modifications to a scheme is at the discretion of the ARC.
When considering an exterior color scheme, the ARC will take into consideration the exterior paint color schemes of the surrounding properties. The exterior color scheme of any home may not be painted with the same exterior color scheme as the home on either side or across the street from the subject home. A home shall not have the same elevation as any home on either side or directly across the street from the subject home.
20. Pergolas
A pergola is an open slat style shade structure, one full side of which must have the appearance of being attached to the rear of the home. The structure must fit underneath the eaves of the roof. Vertical members must be pressure treated wood, redwood, painted, vinyl, or aluminum treated to give the appearance of wood and be set in concrete. Color of the structure must complement the home. No solid roof is permitted on a pergola. A decorative lattice may be used as a cover or side decoration but may extend no more than fourteen inches (14‚Äù) down from the top of the pergola frame. The pergola may not exceed the width of the rear of the home.
11-2018
22
21. Pools, Spas, Jacuzzi‚Äôs
All pools, spas, and Jacuzzis are subject to certain setbacks, must be installed according to applicable governmental ordinances, and will require an approved totally enclosed fence structure or birdcage.
Spas and Jacuzzis may also be installed on lanais if the lanai is enclosed with standard charcoal color screen (not to be confused with solar screen) and/or windows.
Pools and pool decks shall be at least five feet (5‚Äô) from the side and rear property lot lines and shall not encroach the side and rear setbacks. Pools and pool decks shall be located behind the home and not extend beyond the sides of the home. The pool must be inside the building restriction line indicated on the property survey. All pools, spas, and Jacuzzis must be reviewed and approved by the ARC. It is the responsibility of the owner to meet the minimum deck requirements as dictated by the Pasco County building code. Drainage from all pools, spas and Jacuzzis into the common areas, the community‚Äôs drainage system, and neighboring properties is not permitted.
Use, presence and noise of a pool, spa or Jacuzzi shall not unreasonably impact the use of surrounding properties. If it‚Äôs determined that said use, presence and noise does unreasonably affect the use of surrounding properties, then the Board (at its sole and absolute discretion) may impose additional restrictions (even if the ARC has already approved the installation and after the project is completed) including but not limited to requiring the installation of an additional barrier and/or sound absorptive materials, requiring a reasonable time constraint for use (i.e. may not use during certain nighttime hours), or relocating the equipment. This paragraph pertains to all pools, spas, and Jacuzzis regardless of when they were installed.
See Section B.2 ‚ÄúGround-Mounted Mechanical Equipment‚Äù for equipment installation and screening requirements.
See Section B.5 ‚ÄúBuilding Attachments, Birdcages‚Äù for birdcage requirements.
See Section B.11 ‚ÄúFences‚Äù for fence requirements.
22. Prohibited Structures
Pursuant to the Declaration and/or these Design Guidelines, the following structures shall be prohibited from use in Del Webb‚Äôs Del Webb Bexley:
a. Dog Houses
b. Sheds
c. Detached Garages
d. Gazebos
e. Wells
Notwithstanding the above, Declarant shall be allowed to install any structure(s) necessary for purposes connected with the development of Del Webb‚Äôs Del Webb Bexley and/or as may be described in the Declaration.
11-2018
23
23. Replacement Roof Shingles
Roof shingles must be architectural style shingles installed by a licensed contractor in accordance with State of Florida building codes. Brands include, but are not limited to, Tamko Heritage Series or Certainteed. The allowable color is ‚ÄúWeathered Wood Blend‚Äù.
24. Satellite Dishes, Internet Receivers and Antennas
No antennae, aerials, or other devices for the transmission or reception of television, radio (including amateur or ham radios), of any kind will be allowed outside a home without prior written approval from the ARC. Please refer to Federal Communications Commission rules regarding what is allowed.
For all installations, please note the following:
‚Ä¢ Homeowner must obtain ARC approval prior to any installation.
‚Ä¢ ARC applications must include a lot survey showing the location of the dish, internet receiver or antenna.
‚Ä¢ Any transmission cable from the dish, internet receiver or antenna to the home must be located underground.
‚Ä¢ Any installation directly on the home may void the warranty if improperly installed.
a. Satellite Dishes
Satellite dishes may be no more than one meter in diameter. Satellite dishes may be installed in a foundation planting bed in the rear or no more than 5‚Äô from front corner of home in the side yard, mounted on a pole not to exceed fifty inches (50‚Äù) in height, and properly landscaped to minimize visibility from the street and neighboring property. Mounting poles may be not be attached to the foundation slab.
In the event an Owner elects to utilize two satellite dishes both dishes must be affixed to the same pole in accordance with these provisions.
Satellite dishes shall be placed no further than five feet (5‚Äô) from the home unless reception is impaired and such impaired reception is verified from the service provider that the satellite dish should be placed a distance greater than five feet (5‚Äô) from the home in order to receive the best possible reception.
If satellite dishes are easily visible from a street that passes either the front or side of a home, then additional landscaping is required so that the equipment cannot be seen. If the back of the dish is toward the street, then the plants selected for this purpose should have a mature height and width sufficient to hide the entire dish. If the dish must face the street for proper reception, then the plants should hide the pole and as much of the dish as possible, (as well as any angular view that can be hidden) without interfering with reception.
b. Internet Receivers
Internet receivers may be installed for line-of-sight reception and may not be more than 12‚Äù above highest point of the home. Receiver may not be more than 8‚Äù in diameter for round or 12‚Äù tall for rectangular. All receivers must receive ARC approval.
11-2018
24
c. Over-the-Air Television Antennas
Antennas designed for the reception of over-the-air television broadcast programming may be installed on the rear roof of the home. Any variation to this will require Board approval. All installation requests must first be submitted to the ARC.
25. Shutters
The ARC must approve all shutter installations that were not initially installed by the Developer. Standard decorative shutters may be installed using PVC or painted wood.
Additionally, while we will not suggest or recommend any specific type of hurricane window protection in the Design Guidelines, we will approve the permanent installation of ‚Äútracks‚Äù or ‚Äúchannels‚Äù above and below windows for use with removable hurricane panels. The exposed sides of these ‚Äútracks‚Äù or ‚Äúchannels‚Äù must be painted to match the color of the portion of the home to which they are mounted. Channels or tracks installed in connection with rear elevation bronze aluminum cages are permitted to use bronze aluminum in lieu of matching the channels or tracks to the existing color of the home. Accordion Shutters for front, rear, and side windows are permitted to be in place permanently. Accordion Shutters shall match the existing window frame. Inset mounting is required on all windows where possible. Drop down hurricane shutters are also permitted for front doors and second story windows. The housing can be bronze aluminum or match the door frame. Drop down shutters are also permitted for the rear lanai on all sides in bronze aluminum or match the color of the home. Installation of temporary window coverings for protection during hurricanes may begin as soon as a tropical storm or hurricane watch, or warning is issued for Pasco County. Such window coverings or shutters may be installed or closed up to forty-eight (48) hours prior to the expected arrival of a hurricane and must be removed within seventy-two (72) hours of the watch or warning being cancelled, or as the Board may determine otherwise.
26. Signs ‚Äì See also 12.34 of the Declaration
Unless restricted by applicable county ordinance, the following will apply to signs:
a. Except for signs required by law, posting of signs of any kind, including posters, circulars, billboards, or other commercial signage may not be displayed on a lot, home (inside or outside windows) or vehicle, except as otherwise specifically permitted herein.
b. A homeowner shall be permitted to post one (1) in-ground ‚ÄúFor Sale‚Äù/ ‚ÄúFor Lease after the community completion date if such sign has been approved by the ARC
c. An Owner shall be permitted to post signs from a security / alarm company providing services for the home. One single-sided security / alarm sign may be placed in the front yard where it is visible to persons approaching the home and not closer than ten feet (10‚Äô) from right of way. A sign may also be placed in the windows of the home. The sign shall not exceed two feet (2‚Äô) in overall height from finished grade and/or seventy-two (72) square inches in size (i.e., eight inches (8‚Äù) by nine inches (9‚Äù)) if placed in the ground. Signs shall not exceed sixteen (16) square inches in size (i.e.,
11-2018
25
four inches (4‚Äù) by four inches (4‚Äù) if placed in the window of a Home. The sign shall be located within the applicable setback lines.
d. ‚ÄúOpen House‚Äù and directional signs, which give directions to a home that is for sale or for lease to which the public is invited for a walk-in inspection, are not permitted.
27. Storage of Tools, Machinery
The storage of lawn tools, supplies, mowers and equipment outside the home is prohibited.
Garden hoses may be stored outside the home if they are enclosed within either a hose reel box located in a planting bed or mounted directly to the house, or a decorative pot designed or adapted specifically for hose storage, or a hose hook. The storage container may be located on either side or the rear of the house. If the hose reel box/hose storage container is easily visible from a street that passes either the front or side of a home, then additional landscaping is required so the container cannot be seen. Hook-mount storage is permitted, as long as the bottom of the hook is no more than 3 feet above the ground and is screened from view by appropriate landscaping.
Under no condition may the hose, hose reel box, storage container or hose hook be placed in the front of the house, unless the hose is in use. The hose and hose reel box/hose storage container should be returned to its storage location immediately after its intended use.
28. Trash Containers
Trash must be stored in covered containers, which shall be kept in the garage, except when they are being made available for collection. Trash containers may not be placed at curbside earlier than 7pm the night before pickup and must be returned to the garage no later than the evening of pickup and must be in either containers or plastic bags designed for trash. No other types of containers may be used on the exterior of home. Excess trash that can‚Äôt be placed in containers must be removed on the normal pick-up day with the rest of the garbage.
29. Wall Decorations; Wall Fountains
Wall decorations or working fountains may be attached to a home near the front entrance or on the side garage wall approaching the entrance to the home. The following information must be included with the application: a picture of the item; its overall dimensions; the materials to be used; and a sketch that shows the exact location on the wall where the item will be installed. If the plan includes a wall fountain, then the application must also include the water source and plumbing layout. Each application will be considered individually based on appropriate size for the particular home.
30. Retaining Walls
Unless provided by the Declarant, or approved in advance by the ARC, no retaining walls may be constructed where they will impact the surrounding grade and drainage.
11-2018
26
31. Water Softeners/ Purifier Systems
Water softeners and purifying systems should be installed inside the garage. If the water softeners / purifying systems must be installed outside of the home, then the installation must be in a manner so as to not be visible from the exterior of the home. An exterior installation requires ARC approval; the request for ARC approval shall include the reasons why an exterior installation is necessary.
32. Window Coverings
External window coverings other than standard window screens are prohibited from use in Del Webb Bexley. Such coverings include, but are not limited to, burglar bars, roll down shades and window awnings.
33. Window Treatments, Tinting
Window treatments shall consist drapery, blinds or decorative panels. Temporary or permanent window treatments of bed sheets, newspaper, trash bags, etc., are strictly prohibited. No reflective tinting or mirror finishes on the windows are allowed. Window treatments facing the street shall be of a neutral color, such as white, off-white or wood tones.
34. Solar Tubes and Panels (Roof Mounted)
Roof-mounted solar panels and tubes must be designed to be integral parts of the roof. Their form, location and color must be compatible with the existing roof. Profiles must be minimized. All supports and piping for solar collectors must be enclosed. Silver aluminum frames are not permitted.
Solar panels may be installed preferably on rear roof slopes, but may be installed where their use is optimized, and should not be visible from the Common Property or the street in front of the house or side yards of corner lots. Reflective glazing is not permitted.
35. Stone Veneer on Front Elevations
When approved in writing by the ARC, a limited amount of stone veneer may be used to accent the front elevation of a house. Both the placement and allowable amount of stone will be determined based on house model and elevation option. Since stone veneer is to be used as accent only, stone veneer may not cover more than half of the front elevation. The type of stone used must be like the stone presently used on community buildings. Exterior Modification Applications must include a front elevation drawing, a sample (or photo) marked-up to show the proposed stone location, a sample (or photo) of the proposed stone and the color scheme of the house
11-2018
27
C. Modifications to the Landscape ‚Äì Living Things and Mulch Materials
As part of the planning and development of Del Webb Bexley, the Developer has prepared landscape plans for the homes, amenities and common areas within the community. These landscape plans are subject to change at the sole discretion of the Developer. Del Webb Bexley is a maintenance-free community, which means the HOA will maintain the landscape within the Lots. Due to this maintenance-free service, the HOA will replace any dead or dying landscape within the landscape plan provided by the Developer. If an owner desires to add landscape material outside of the Developer‚Äôs landscape plan, they will be responsible for maintaining it and replacing it if it is dead or dying.
The below requirements pertain to installation of landscape material outside of the Developer‚Äôs landscape plan. It is important to understand all landscape alterations must not obstruct the HOA from maintaining the Lot. If there is an obstruction, the HOA reserves the right to not maintain the Lot.
1. Dead or Diseased Landscape
Any changes from the Developer‚Äôs landscape plan (including different species, different size, or different location‚Ä¶not an all-inclusive list) must be approved in advance by the ARC. If these changes are approved by the ARC, the owner is responsible for replacing any dead or diseased landscape material
2. Mix of Plantings
Landscape harmony is accomplished by allowing two to three types of shrubs planted textures is visually distracting. Introduce variety with accent shrubs. The use of plant materials with seasonal interest such as flowers, interesting leaf shapes, wall color, berries, bark color, and texture, is encouraged for variety.
However, vegetable gardens are prohibited. Small herb gardens are allowed if kept in a planting pot of allowed size. (See Planting Pots, D.9.)
3. Mulch Materials
For the purpose of these Design Guidelines, topsoil or decomposed granite is not considered inert material. Approved inert materials shall include: bark, hardwood mulch, rock and/or stone of naturally pigmented color (i.e., as found in native form), and other materials may be approved by the Architectural Review Committee from time to time. Determination of whether a material is acceptable for inclusion in any specific situation shall be made by the Architectural Review Committee.
4. Mulch Materials - Designs
Ground cover or inert material shall not be used to spell out names, nicknames, or names of states, cities, athletic teams, slogans, emblems, geometric patterns, or any other communication.
5. Permitted Ground Cover
11-2018
28
The ground surfaces of all lots except that occupied by hardscape or structure shall be covered with a combination of landscaping, i.e., sodded grass lawn, planted ground cover and approved mulch materials as listed in Appendix A.
6. Plastic Sheeting
The use of solid plastic sheeting or polyethylene over ground cover areas is not permitted. If landscape fabric is used, it must allow the free flow of water, air, and gases to and from the soil. All weed control fabrics must be kept thoroughly covered with a layer of approved rock or mulch material.
7. Restrictions on Paved Cover
Excessive use of concrete at front, rear, and street side yards is not allowed. No concrete may be located in driveway areas other than that which is initially included with the home; however, additional walking area(s) adjacent to the driveway which extends the overall driveway width not more than four feet (4‚Äô) may be considered for approval. Plans for concrete work must be approved in writing by the ARC before any work commences.
8. Retention Pond / Conservation Area Lots
Any home built on retention pond or conservation area shall not have additional landscaping planted within ten feet (10‚Äô) from the rear lot line and must stay consistent with the existing initial landscaping provided by the Declarant. This landscaping should be kept trimmed up to a maximum of forty-eight inches (48‚Äù) from the ground, unless it is low-lying ground cover material, so as not to impede the views of neighbors.
9. Rock Yards
Decorative rock yards, paved yards, or yards in which the principal ground cover is other than grass sod are specifically prohibited.
10. Florida Friendly
Florida Friendly provides many options. Listed below are the options available to homeowners within Del Webb Bexley which are Florida Friendly and are suited to site-specific conditions that reflect the "right plant, right place.‚Äù
The term ‚ÄúFlorida Friendly‚Äù includes landscape practices that minimize the use of water by means of irrigation, select the correct plant materials for each specific site, use micro-irrigation when applicable, minimize the use of fertilizers and other supplemental maintenance practices, promote the use of native plant materials which are drought tolerant, avoids the use of non-native invasive species and promote landscape designs which minimize harmful environmental occurrences such as storm water runoff.
Landscape plans cannot alter the storm water patterns of the applying lot, any other properties within Del Webb Bexley, or the functionality of the Del Webb Bexley master storm water plan.
11-2018
29
a. Turf grass should be a drought-tolerant grass and must meet required area coverage (at least 50% of non-hardscape lot size). Standard size home sites must maintain turf grass in the right-of-ways ten feet (10‚Äô) back of curb, the back five feet (5‚Äô) of the rear lot property line, and the first five feet (5‚Äô) of side property lines. At the back-property line, the first five feet (5‚Äô) must be maintained as sod, from five feet (5‚Äô) to ten feet (10‚Äô) low lying ground cover and bushes no taller than two feet (2‚Äô) can be used, and then at ten feet (10‚Äô), taller shrubs and trees can be planted. For the side lot line on a corner lot that abuts a road, the setback is ten feet (10‚Äô) from the curb. Oversize lot requirements will be proportional to the lot size. Please refer to Exhibit A. It will be the homeowner‚Äôs responsibility to maintain their turf so that it does not adversely affect neighboring property(s) turf grass.
b. Planting beds must include plant materials that coincide with Florida Friendly guidelines (see Appendix B) and should include ground cover plant materials as well as more ‚Äúcanopy type‚Äù plant materials such as trees. The ground cover, trees, and perennials/annuals should be spaced in such a way that one (1) year after planting, the plant material covers at least forty percent (40%) of the surface area of the bed. Long-term maintenance of the ground cover must meet these proportions. If, after one (1) year the required proportions are not met, the ARC shall have the right to require the homeowner to undertake additional plantings to meet the requirement. Beds in the front part of the home site must be curvilinear in nature.
c. Mulch shall be an approved organic material such as pine straw or pine bark, as their decomposition adds nutrients to the soil, and compliments the Florida Friendly concept. Inorganic matter, such as stone, rock, river rock and gravel, are not recommended for use and will be considered on a case-by-case basis, as long as enough plant material is installed to eliminate the appearance of a ‚Äúrock yard‚Äù. Inorganic mulches, such as synthetic rubber mulches that resemble their organic counterparts are not permitted. The ARC reserves the right to deny mulch materials based on composition and/or color. Individually placed stones or rocks for the purpose of creating aesthetic value will also be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
d. Micro-irrigation is required to be installed in all plant bed areas which are to be Florida Friendly. Micro-drip irrigation or bubblers should be used for trees and other large plant materials. Micro-spray irrigation should be used for groundcovers, annuals, and perennials. Micro-irrigation should only be irrigated during the initial installation establishment period and in periods of extreme drought. The overall irrigation system should be set up with distinctly separate zones between those which are plant beds using micro-irrigation, and those which are turf and use traditional or high-volume irrigation. Traditional turf grass can require watering up to two times per week, while Florida Friendly areas require little or no water under normal circumstances. To that end, an irrigation plan must be submitted to the ARC along with the landscape plan.
11-2018
30
11. Shrubs
Plant foliage of shrubs along any lot may not exceed two feet (2‚Äô) in height when planted within ten feet (10‚Äô) of the rear property lines to allow minimal obstruction of views. Once at ten feet (10‚Äô) or more from the rear property line, the height can be higher.
12. Trees
Space trees properly to allow room for future growth and to avoid conflicts with the home and paved areas. All trees planted along the rear of the home must be at least ten feet (10‚Äô) from the rear property line. The trees along pond/conservation lots should be limbed up to at least four feet (4‚Äô) above the ground in order to minimize the obstruction of views from neighboring properties. Additional trees may be added only after ARC approval.
Street Trees shall not be removed. Street Trees shall not be replaced without the approval of the ARC. If approved by the ARC, homeowners may engage the HOA to replace their Street Tree with a 2‚Äù caliper Chinese Elm or Dahoon Holly. The HOA will replace the Street Tree at the cost of the homeowner. For Further information, please refer to Section Four of the Sixth Amendment to the Del Webb Bexley Community Association Declaration.
13. Turf Grass (Sod)
For the purpose of these design guidelines, turf grass (sod) must be Floratam. A modification is needed to install landscape beds in place of turf grass.
14. Uniformity
Plantings should be somewhat uniform throughout the yard; approximately fifty percent (50%) should be in the midpoint of the building to the front and the remainder to the rear.
D. Modifications to the Landscape ‚Äì Additional Items ‚Äì Non-Living
When making an application for modification to your landscape, you must indicate any non-living items (i.e. benches, statues, birdbaths, artifacts, etc.) separately on your application as well as on your landscape plan, including size, materials, and specific location. Each lot may contain up to five (5) items, excluding Holiday decorations, sized from six inches (6‚Äù) up to thirty-six inches (36‚Äù).
Unless otherwise stated, every item needs prior ARC approval.
1. Arbors
Placement of an arbor, designed for growing roses or vines, will be considered on a case-by-case basis. The maximum arbor size shall not exceed eight feet (8‚Äô) in height, four feet (4‚Äô) in width, and three feet (3‚Äô) in depth. The material shall be of natural wood, vinyl, or aluminum, with color to complement the home and must be anchored so as to prevent displacement in high winds.
11-2018
31
2. Artifacts
Artifacts are those items not classed as fountains, statues, or birdbaths, but are used in the landscaping to enhance the overall plan. The number of artifacts used as landscaping enhancements is limited to five (5) per lot but may be restricted when used in conjunction with other landscape accent items. The ARC reserves the right to deny any artifact they find derogative, offensive, or not in keeping with the architectural theme of the community. No artifact may exceed thirty-six inches (36‚Äù) in height.
3. Birdbaths
A stand-alone birdbath must be no more than thirty-six inches (36‚Äù) in height. Birdbath must be of materials with color and design compatible with the architectural theme of the home. A birdbath is permitted in the front, side, rear, or courtyard and must be placed in a planting bed. Two birdbaths are permitted per lot but may be restricted when used in conjunction with other larger landscape accent items.
4. Birds
Only natural appearing replicas of birds are permitted as additions to landscape plans and must be placed in landscape beds. Two birds are permitted but may be restricted when used in conjunction with other landscape accent items. Birds will not exceed thirty-six inches (36‚Äù) in height.
5. Fire Features (Barbeques, Chimneys, Fire Pits and Fireplaces)
Outdoor fireplaces shall be consistent with all applicable governmental codes, including, without limitation, the regulations of Pasco County and the Florida Fire Prevention Code.
Outdoor fireplaces shall be located in the rear yard or on rear patio areas and shall be simple and residential in design. Outdoor fireplaces with highly independent designs, overly ornate designs, or commercial-looking designs are not allowed. Unfinished or painted precision concrete block is not allowed. The color and finish of stucco fireplaces must be the same as the color and finish of the stucco on the house and shall avoid obstructing views of the surrounding properties.
If the top of the outdoor fireplace is greater than the top of the perimeter wall or fence, or if the outdoor fireplace is located adjacent to an open view fence, then the outdoor fireplace shall be designed so that its form, material, and color are compatible with the architecture of the house.
Outdoor fireplaces of six (6) feet, or less, in height shall be located at a minimum of three (3) feet clear from the house, patio perimeters and fences. Outdoor fireplaces between six (6) feet and twelve (12) feet in height shall be located a minimum of five (5) feet clear from the house, patio perimeters and fences. Outdoor fireplaces (12) feet in height shall be located a minimum of ten (10) feet clear from the house, patio perimeters and fences. The maximum allowed outdoor fireplace height from the original lot grade is twelve (12) feet.
11-2018
32
Trees and/or shrubs should be planted in the 3 to 10-foot clear area between the property line (or perimeter wall or fence) and the outdoor fireplace, to completely screen the appearance of the back of the outdoor fireplace from adjacent neighbors.
Outdoor fireplaces designed to use natural gas, instead of wood, are preferred. Outdoor fireplaces shall be properly maintained and may not create an unreasonable nuisance to surrounding properties. Wood may be only stored on Lanai or in the garage.
6. Flowers - Artificial
Florida is known for its wide variety of beautiful flowering plants. Therefore, unless permitted by Florida law, artificial flowers are prohibited as part of the landscaping.
7. Fountains
For the purpose of this document, fountains (non-wall-mounted, semi-permanent decorative landscape additions) are considered a water feature capable of producing a continuous recirculating flow of water from a self-contained reservoir. Water features are used to enhance the house landscaping. A water feature shall be limited to a height of four feet (4‚Äô) above the finished grade of the lot; however, if a water feature is located against a wall of the house, then the water feature may not exceed eight feet (8‚Äô) above the finished grade of the lot. A water feature may be installed in the front or rear yard only, may not detract from the overall landscape theme and must be placed in a planting bed. The water feature must not visibly damage existing walls or fences. Colors must be compatible with the house.
Only one (1) water feature is permitted and may be restricted when used in conjunction with source, pump, electrical layout and plumbing layout. The water source, pump, electrical and plumbing must be designed and located to be unobtrusive. Noise must be controlled to minimize the impact on neighbors.
8. Holiday Decorations
Holiday decorations are considered exterior ornamentation of a Resident‚Äôs Property used to celebrate holiday decoration periods. Decorations must not cover the home‚Äôs address number.
For the purpose of this section, holiday decorations may be installed from October 1st through January 15th of the following year in a manner consistent with the following timeframes: Commencing October 1st and removed by November 5th and commencing the week before Thanksgiving and removed no later than January 15th.
Reasonable holiday decorations may be displayed, without prior ARC approval, for recognized national and religious holidays two (2) weeks prior to the holiday to which the decorations are related until one (1) week after said holiday.
The decorations must be in good condition and good taste and may be displayed only during holiday decoration periods. Residents are expected to be diligent in ensuring that displays, including outdoor lighting, do not spill over to neighboring properties. The display of holiday decorations is subject to the right of the Association or Developer to
11-2018
33
require removal of such decorations that it deems to (A) be excessive in number, size or brightness relative to the surrounding properties; (B) draw excessive attention or traffic; (C) unreasonably interfere with the use and enjoyment of neighboring properties; (D) cause a dangerous condition to exist; or (E) lacking in good taste or in contradiction to these guidelines.
9. Planting Pots
Planting pots are considered part of the landscape and are containers for live flowers, live plants and/or other items used in bedding. No more than ten (10) planting pots may be used on the property as landscaping decoration, with a limit of no more than six (6) planting pots in the front of the home. Planting pots are only permitted in the front and rear of the property, except where a home is located on a corner lot, in which case the property may have twelve (12) pots, with three (3) of the twelve (12) planting pots allowed on the side of the home which faces a street.
Planting pots must be of a color and design compatible with the architectural theme of the home. If a pot‚Äôs core purpose by its manufacturer is as a fountain, then it may not be used as a planting pot. A planting pot may not be higher than thirty-six inches (36‚Äù) tall and twenty-four (24‚Äù) in diameter.
Pots and containers must be removed to safe storage in the event of an impending storm or if the owner is leaving for an extended period of time.
10. Ponds
Decorative small ponds may be used in landscape areas. Size and location will be considered on an individual basis. Plans for design must include specifications for re-circulation and/or cleaning of water, and method to be used for mosquito control.
11. Statues
Statues (a three-dimensional work of art, as a representational or abstract form, carved in stone or wood, molded in a plastic material, cast in bronze, or the like), are considered as an ornamental addition to an overall landscaping plan. A maximum of five (5) statues is allowed and a statue may be no higher than thirty-six inches (36‚Äù). It must be of materials with color and design compatible with the architectural theme of the home. Statues are permitted in the front, side, rear, or courtyard and must be placed in a planting bed. Statues may be restricted when used in conjunction with other larger landscape accent items.
12. Trellises
A total of four (4) trellises, attached to the home, may be permissible. Trellises should be no more than four feet (4‚Äô) wide and six feet (6‚Äô) tall. One trellis may be placed in the foundation area in the front of the home or front courtyard area. The shape and size must be stated on the Application. For the remaining three trellises, the shape and size must also be stated on the Application. Exact location of each trellis must be shown on a copy of the plot plan or overall landscape plan. The material shall be of natural wood, vinyl, or aluminum, with color to complement the home. Consideration will be given only to plans prepared with exact dimensions and location of each structure.
11-2018
34
13. Plant Bed Edging
All landscape curbing, including plant bed edging, must be approved by the Architectural Review Committee prior to installation. Landscape timbers and wood ties will not be permitted. EverEdge or equivalent steel lawn edging, concrete or natural edging stones and Ecoborder in brown or black are allowed. The landscape curbing color should complement the overall color scheme of the home. Owner must submit landscape curbing color and home colors(s) with the request.
The top surface of the landscape curbing shall not exceed 3‚Äù higher than the adjoining, undisturbed ground. Landscape curbing may not encroach easements or common ground and may not be installed along the sides of the driveway, or any other walking path other than the path from the driveway to the front entry.
EXHIBIT A ‚Äì TURF GRASS REQUIREMENTS
Lot Size ‚Äì Regal Required Turf Grass
<7000SF Standard lot, see Guidelines
>7000SF At least 20% of the lot that is over 7000SF must be turf grass.
Example:
8000SF The perimeter guidelines must be met plus 200SF of the lot outside that perimeter must be turf grass.
Lot Size ‚Äì Pinnacle Required Turf Grass
<8000SF Standard lot, see Guidelines
>8000SF At least 20% of the lot size that is over 8000SF must be turf grass.
Example:
9000SF The perimeter guidelines must be met plus 200SF of the lot outside that perimeter must be turf grass.
11-2018
35
APPENDIX A COMMONLY USED ORNAMENTAL LANDSCAPING
D = Deciduous E = Evergreen
Large Trees ‚Äì Space thirty to forty feet apart; and twenty feet minimum from buildings. Trees are deer resistant to extent edible parts can be protected until they grow out of reach of the deer.
D--Florida Maple (Acer floridanum)
D--Red Maple (Acer Rubrum)
E--Southern Magnolia (Magnolia grandiflora)
D--Chinese Pistache (Pistacia chinensis)
D--Sycamore (Platanus occidentalis)
D--Swamp Chestnut Oak (Quercus michauxii)
D--Willow Oak (Quercus phellos)
E--Live Oak (Quercus virginiana)
D--Bald Cypress (Taxodium distichum)
Small Trees ‚Äì Space fifteen to twenty feet apart; and ten feet minimum from buildings, unless stated differently below. Trees are deer resistant to extent edible parts can be protected until they grown out of reach of the deer.
E--Pygmy Phoenix Date Palm (Robellini) ‚Äì minimum of five feet from buildings
D--Japanese Maple (Acer palmatum)
D--River Birch (Betula nigra)
D--Redbud (Cercis canadensis)
E--Nelli R. Stevens Holly (Ilex aquifolium x cornuta ‚ÄúNellie R. Stevens‚Äù)
E--East Palatka Holly (Ilex x attenuata ‚ÄúEast Palatka‚Äù)
E--Foster Holly (Ilex x attenuata ‚ÄúFosteri‚Äù)
E--Savannah Holly (Ilex x attenuata ‚ÄúSavannah‚Äù)
E--Weeping Yaupon Holly (Ilex vomitoria ‚Äúpendula‚Äù)
D--Goldenrain Tree (Koelreuteria paniculata)
D--Crape Myrtle (Lagerstroemia indica ‚Äì Varieties ‚ÄúCherokee‚Äù, ‚ÄúMuskogee‚Äù, ‚ÄúNatchez‚Äù, and ‚ÄúTuscarora‚Äù)
E--Tree Form Wax Leaf Privet (Ligustrum lucidum)
E--Little Gem Magnolia (Magnolia grandiflora) ‚Äì minimum of five feet from buildings
D--Saucer Magnolia (Magnolia soulangiana)
E--Sweet Bay Magnolia (Magnolia virginiana)
D--Calloway Crabapple (Malus pruniflora ‚ÄúCalloway‚Äù)
E--Tree Form Wax Myrtle (Myrica cerifera)
E--Spruce Pine (Pinus glabra)
D--Japanese Flowering Cherry (Prunus serrulata ‚ÄúKwanzan‚Äù)
D--Yoshino Cherry (Prunus yedoensis)
D--Aristocrat Pear (Pyrus calleryana ‚ÄúAristocrat‚Äù)
E--Palmetto (Sabal palmetto) ‚Äì m√≠nimum of five feet from buildings
E--Windmill Palm (Trachycarpus fortunei) ‚Äì minimum of five feet from buildings
11-2018
36
Large or Accent Shrubs (5-7 Gallon) ‚Äì Space six to ten feet apart; and five feet minimum from buildings. Shrubs indicated with an ‚Äú*‚Äù are deer resistant. Shrubs indicated with an ‚ÄúSH‚Äù require shade.
E--Anise* (Illicium anisatum)
E--Azalea SH (Azalea indica ‚Äì Varieties ‚ÄúFormosa‚Äù *, ‚ÄúGeorge L. Tabor‚Äù, ‚ÄúG.G. Gerbing‚Äù, ‚ÄúJudge Soloman‚Äù, ‚ÄúPresident Clay‚Äù, ‚ÄúRed Formosa‚Äù, and ‚ÄúSouthern Charm‚Äù *)
Semi E--Butterfly Bush (Buddleia davidii)
E--Bottlebrush* (Callistemon citrinus)
E--Camellia SH (Camellia sasanqua)
E--Chinese Fringe (Loropetalum Chinese, cultivars; Hines Prupole leafe, Burgandy, Blush)
E--Pampas Grass* (Cortaderia selloana)
Semi E--Sago Palm* (Cycas revoluta)
E--Gardenia* (Gardenia jasminoides)
E--Burford Holly* (Ilex cornuta ‚ÄúBurfordii‚Äù)
E--Wax Leaf Privet* (Ligustrum lucidum)
E--Banana Shrub* (Michello Figo)
D--Variegated Maiden Grass (Miscanthus sinensis ‚Äúvariegata‚Äù)
E--Waxmyrtle* (Myrica Cerifera)
E--Nandina * (Nandina domestica)
E--Oleander* (Nerium oleander)
E--Tea Olive* (Osmanthus fragrans)
E--Fortune‚Äôs Tea Olive *(Osmanthus fortunei)
E--Firehorn (Pyracantha koidzumi)
E--Pittosporum (Pittosporum tobira)
E--Podocarpus Yew * (Podocarpus macrophyllus maki)
D--Purple Fountain Grass (Pennisetum setaceum ‚ÄúRubrum‚Äù)
E--Sweet Viburnum (Viburnum odoratissium)
E--Laurustinus* (Viburnum tinus)
Medium Shrubs (3-5 Gallon) ‚Äì Space three to four feet apart; and two feet minimum from buildings. Shrubs indicated with an ‚Äú*‚Äù are deer-resistant. Shrubs indicated with an ‚ÄúSH‚Äù require shade.
E--Abelia (Abelia grandiflora)
D--Barberry (Berberis thunbergii ‚ÄúRose Glos‚Äù or ‚ÄúCrimson Pygmy‚Äù)
E--Boxwood* (Buxus microphylla)
E--Dwarf Bottlebrush* (Callistemon citrinus ‚ÄúLittle John‚Äù)
E--Dwarf Burford Holly* (Ilex cornuta ‚ÄúBurfordii nana‚Äù)
E--Carissa Holly* (Ilex cornuta ‚ÄúCarissa‚Äù)
E--Dwarf Yaupon Holly* (Ilex movitoria ‚ÄúNana‚Äù or ‚ÄúSchellings‚Äù)
E--Florida Jasmine (Jasminum floridum)
Semi E--Primrose Jasmine (Jasminum mesnyi)
E--Dwarf India Hawthorn (Raphiolepsis indica)
E--Yucca* (Yucca filamentosa)
E--Sanankwa Viburnum* (Viburnum Suspensum)
11-2018
37
Low Shrubs or ground covers (1 Gallon) ‚Äì Space one to six feet apart; and two feet minimum from buildings. Shrubs indicated with an ‚Äú*‚Äù are deer resistant. Shrubs indicated with an ‚ÄúSH‚Äù require shade. Shrubs indicated with a ‚ÄúV‚Äù are vines to be used with support.
E--Hollyfern SH (Cyrtomium falcatum)
E--African Iris* (Dietes vegeta)
E--Dwarf Gardenia* (Gardenia jasminoides ‚Äúradicans‚Äù)
E--Carolina Jessamine V (Gelsemium sempervirens)
Semi E--Daylily (Hemerocallis hybrida)
D--Lantana* (lantana camara)
E--Big Blue Liriope (Liriope Muscari ‚ÄúBig Blue‚Äù)
E--Variegated Liriope (Liriope muscari ‚ÄúSilvery Sunproof‚Äù)
E--Goldflame Honeysuckle V (Lonicera x heckrottii)
E--Trumpet Honeysuckle V (Lonicera sempervirens)
E--Blue Pacific Juniper* (Juniperous conferta ‚ÄúBlue pacific‚Äù)
E--Parson‚Äôs Juniper* (Juniperous davurica ‚ÄúExpansa‚Äù)
E--Blue Rug Juniper* (Juniperous horizontalis ‚ÄúWiltonii‚Äù)
E--Dwarf Japanese Garden Juniper* (Juniperous procumbens ‚Äúnana‚Äù)
E--Dwarf Nandina* (Nandina domestica ‚ÄòHarbor Dwarf‚Äù or ‚ÄúFirepower‚Äù)
E--Bank‚Äôs Rose V (Rosa bankiae)
E--Confederate Jasmine* V (Trachelospermum jasminoides)
E--Lily of the Nile (Agapanthus)
11-2018
38
APPENDIX B FLORIDA FRIENDLY PLANTS
D = Drought tolerant N = Native For more information, contact:
Florida Yards & Neighborhoods
Pasco County Extension Service
D ‚Äì Texas Sage Leucophyllum frutescens 2232 NE Jacksonville Road
Hibiscus Hibiscus x Ocala, FL 34470
Hydrangea-Endless Summer Hydrangea macrophylla 352-671-8412
Zinnia Zinnia linearis www.floridayards.org
N ‚Äì Black Eyed Susan Rudbeckia hirta
Daylily Hemerocallis
Hollyhock Alcea rosea
Geranium Pelargonium x hortorum
Gerbera Daisy Gerbera jamesonii
Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow Brunfelsia grandiflora
Mahonia-Leather Leaf Mahonia bealei
Amaryllis Hippeastrum ‚ÄòVoodoo‚Äô
Loropetalum Loropetalum Chinense rubrum
Salvia Salvia vanhoutteii ‚ÄòFaye Chapel‚Äô
Pine Cone Ginger Zingiber zerumbet
N ‚Äì Beautyberry Callicarpa Americana
N ‚Äì Blanket flower Gaillardia grandiflora ‚ÄòArizona Sun‚Äô
Bottlebrush Callistermon viminalis
Bulbine frutescens ‚ÄòHallmark‚Äô
N ‚Äì Rain Lily Zephyranthes grandiflora
Angel‚Äôs Trumpet Brugmansia x
Mexican Sunflower Tithonia diversifolia
Flame Vine Pyrostegia Venusta
N ‚Äì Groundcover Mimosa Mimosa strigillosa
N ‚Äì Muhly Grass Muhlenbergia capillaries
Butterfly Bush Buddleia davidii
Mandevilla X amabilis
Canary Island Date Palm Phoenix canariensis
Pindo Palm Butia capitata
Amaryllis Hippeastrum x hybridum
Gloriosa Lily Gloriosa superba ‚ÄòFlame Lily‚Äô
N - Loblolly Bay Tree Gordonia lasianthus
N ‚Äì Tecoma stans Tecoma stans ‚ÄòYellow Bells‚Äô
Lily of the Nile Agapanthus
Pineapple Guava Feijoa-Acca sellowiana
New Zealand Tea Tree Leptospermum scoparium
Purple Leaf Plum Prunus cerasifera
N ‚Äì Florida Flame Maple Acer rubrum ‚ÄòFlorida Flame‚Äô
Contorted Mulberry Morus bombycis ‚ÄòUnryu‚Äô
N ‚Äì Winged Elm Ulmus alata
N ‚Äì Weeping Yaupon Holly Ilex vomitoria ‚Äòpendula‚Äô
N ‚Äì Golden Dewdrop Duranta ‚ÄòAurea‚Äô or Gold Mound
Verbena Verbena spp.
N ‚Äì River Birch Betula nigra ‚ÄòDuraheat‚ÄôDel Webb At Bexley
USE OF GOLF CARTS
Use of Golf Carts on Private Roads and Multipurpose Paths: The community of Del Webb at Bexley authorizes privately owned golf cart travel on roads and multipurpose paths within the Community. It is expected that golf carts will travel on multipurpose paths unless the roads must be utilized to access a path. All golf carts will be required to meet minimum safety standards. Golf cart travel is permitted only within the boundaries of the Community and is not authorized on state, federal or county roads.
A. Registration/Operation - Registration and operation of a golf cart on designated streets shall be in compliance with the provisions of the Florida Rules of the Road and the Florida Vehicle Code.
B. Safe Working Condition - Carts must be in sound and safe working condition. No golf cart may be operated on a road or multipurpose path unless, at a minimum, it has the following: brakes, a steering apparatus, tires, a rearview mirror, red reflectorized warning devices in the front and rear, a slow moving emblem on the rear of the cart, a headlight that emits a white light visible from a distance of 500 feet to the front, a tail lamp that emits a red light visible from at least 100 feet from the rear, brake lights, and turn signals. When operated on a road or multipurpose path, a golf cart shall have its headlight and tail lamps lighted. A person who drives or is in actual physical control of a golf cart on a road or multipurpose path is subject to all motor vehicle regulations including, but not limited to, DUI provisions. Storage of carts must be in compliance with the HOA Declaration.
C. Insurance - Liability insurance must be maintained on all golf carts, with the amount of coverage determined by the owner in consultation with the owner's insurance agent. Owners will be personally responsible for the conduct of anyone operating their cart, and for any damage caused by its operation on community property. Children under the age of 16 will not be permitted to drive a golf cart on community roads and multipurpose paths.
D. Carts shall not be operated on community sidewalks, or on landscaped common areas at any time.
E. Street Rules - Carts should remain to the right side of the road where multipurpose paths are not provided, allowing regular vehicles to pass without obstruction. In so doing, operators must remain aware of and away from bikers and pedestrians. Bikers and pedestrians shall be given due consideration and a reasonable right of way at all times. Skaters, bikers, pedestrians, and golf carts will all share multipurpose paths running in conjunction with the major roads in the community.
F. Subject to Association Rules - Allowance for golf cart use in Del Webb at Bexley is intended to be a privilege and convenience to Association members, and any actions, which threaten the safety and wellbeing of the membership, or otherwise infringe upon the rights of others, will not be tolerated.850-617-6381 

srO 

VIE 

9774 2726 

OR BK 

Page 104 of 139 

8/9/